 Collects Black Order #1-5.

They are the scourge of the Avengers, the Cull Obsidian — Thanos’ most feared warriors! Now the ruthless Black Order has been dispatched by the Grandmaster to destabilize a burgeoning empire — but as big and as bad as they are, there is always someone bigger and badder. Isn’t that always the way? You go to assassinate an emperor, he turns the tables, and suddenly a very simple mission gets a whole lot more complicated — and the man called Nova shows up to spoil all the fun! As the Black Order suffers a painful and unexpected defeat, their new teammate the Black Swan is presented with a simple choice: stay and risk an ungainly end — or leave and abandon the closest thing she has to a family. Empires, rebellions, spies and sabotage combine in an absolutely unhinged adventure! THANOS IS DEAD! Executed by the deadliest assassin in the galaxy…his daughter, Gamora. But before their relationship came to a bloody end, how did it begin? Find out in this all new miniseries by Tini Howard (MARVEL KNIGHTS 20TH and AGE OF CONAN: BELIT) and Ariel Olivetti (DEATH OF THE INHUMANS)!
 Reprinting Warlock and the Infinity Watch #9 The most ruthless villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage as we celebrate the 80th anniversary of the House of Ideas with the era-spanning MARVEL TALES! This anthology series shines a spotlight on fan-favorite characters, features timeless stories and highlights some of Marvel’s most impressive talent from the past eight decades — and for Thanos, it could only be the cosmic maestro, Jim Starlin! Reprinting the classic tale, written and drawn by Starlin, that first revealed Thanos’ stunning connection to the deadliest woman in the galaxy — Gamora — from WARLOCK (1972) #10! Another Starlin-scripted epic pits the Mad Titan against one of the MU’s greatest evils — the devilish Mephisto — in SILVER SURFER (1987) #45! And Gamora gets the chance to unleash her full fury on her twisted father figure in WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #8!
 COLLECTING: INFINITY WAR 1-6; FANTASTIC FOUR (1961) 366-370; SPIDER-MAN (1990) 24; DEATHLOK (1991) 16; DAREDEVIL (1964) 310; WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH 7-10; DOCTOR STRANGE, SORCERER SUPREME 42-47; SILVER SURFER (1987) 67-69; WONDER MAN (1991) 13-15; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 110-112; SILVER SABLE & THE WILD PACK 4-5; GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (1990) 27-29; QUASAR 37-40; NEW WARRIORS (1990) 27; MARC SPECTOR: MOON KNIGHT 41-44; NOMAD (1992) 7; SLEEPWALKER 18; MATERIAL FROM CAPTAIN AMERICA (1968) 408; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 109; MARVEL COMICS PRESENTS (1988) 108-112. The epic sequel to the Infinity Gauntlet! Adam Warlock's dark half has resurfaced. The Magus is here. And the cosmos shall feel his wrath! As the Magus schemes for ultimate power, an army of evil doppelgangers overwhelms Earth's heroes, Dr. Strange and Galactus seek answers and Thanos enters the fray - alongside the Infinity Watch! Can the Avengers, X-Men and more turn the tide? To defeat the Magus, Eternity must be awakened...and the Infinity Gauntlet reassembled! Collects Marvel Universe: The End #1-6. 

A catastrophic, existence-ending event forces Earth's mightiest heroes and villains to join forces to fend off Armageddon. Led by the demigod Thanos, Earth's superhumans must stand shoulder-to-shoulder to face the most terrifying threat that they've ever encountered: Nothing less than the end of all that ever was! Collecting Infinity #1-6, New Avengers (2013) #7-12, Avengers (2012) #14-23 and Infinity: Against the Tide Infinite Comic #1-2.

Thanos makes his world-shattering return, and his armies fire the opening shots of a galactic war that will be fought both on Earth and in deep space - with our heroes caught between both battles! As the mad Titan's secrets are revealed, the Inhumans' city of Attilan falls, and the members of the Illuminati find themselves on the front line! And as every Origin Site on Earth goes active, the Builders enter the Marvel Universe. But can the Avengers return to Earth in time to save it, when betrayal in the Galactic Council has left them prisoners of war? For the Mad Titan, Thanos, the Infinity Gauntlet was the Holy Grail — the ultimate prize to be coveted above all else. With it came omnipotence: the absolute control of all aspects of time, space, power, reality, mind and soul. But his gaining of supreme might meant the beginning of a black nightmare for the entire universe. Now, on the edge of Armageddon and led by the mysterious Adam Warlock, Earth’s super heroes join in a desperate attempt to thwart this nihilistic god’s insane plunge into galactic self-destruction. Should the heroes fail, the astral gods of the universe wait to step into the fray. But in such an awesome cosmic conflict, will anyone prevail? Will anyone survive? The original Infinity epic is collected alongside a Gauntlet-full collection of behind-the-scenes extras! Collects Cosmic Ghost Rider #1-5. You knew him as the Punisher. Then Frank Castle made a deal with the devil that made him the Ghost Rider. A deal with Galactus made him cosmic. And a deal with Thanos made him…dead?! Not to worry, Castle doesn’t die easy. He’s back — and he’s got a plan to make the universe a better place! It all starts with an idea so simple he can’t believe no one’s ever done it before. But as with all things worth doing, it’s not going to be easy. Castle takes on space sharks, faces down the future Guardians of the Galaxy and runs into Galactus during a bar fight! And don’t forget…baby Thanos?! It’s Frank…er…the Punish…um…Cosmic Ghost Rider in the craziest caper you’ve ever seen! Continuing their popular Art Of series, Marvel Studios presents its biggest achievement yet: Marvel Studios' Avengers: Infinity War! A threat has emerged from the cosmos: Thanos. A ruthless warlord who plans to collect all six Infinity Stones. Joined by his formidable allies, he will be near-unstoppable at achieving his goal. The Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and Spider-Man must join forces and fight side by side to stop Thanos, while the fate of the Earth and the universe lies in the balance. Go behind the scenes with this keepsake volume! Collects Infinity Countdown: Black Widow #1, Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel #1, Infinity Countdown: Champions #1-2, & Infinity Countdown: Daredevil #1. The events of the INFINITY COUNTDOWN are felt all across the Marvel Universe! Carol Danvers has the Reality Stone — and with it meets the Captain Marvels of many worlds! Daredevil battles to keep Hell’s Kitchen safe from the influence of the Mind Stone — now in the most unlikely of hands! The Champions head to space to save the Nova Corps and stop Warbringer — and the young heroes are in for the fight of their lives! And an old friend entrusts the Space Stone into the hands of the Black Widow — but is even the world’s top espionage agent ready to handle cosmic responsibility? Don’t miss this blockbuster companion volume to the explosive event! THANOS WINS...AGAIN! Rising star Donny Cates returns to the Mad Titan to bring the story bridging the gap between his best-selling “Thanos Wins” and the worldshattering INFINITY WARS! How did Thanos’ journey back from the future lead to the events of INFINITY WARS PRIME? Now it can be told! COSMIC GHOST RIDER VS. THE FUTURE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY FOR THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE! ’NUFF SAID! CHAMPIONS…OF THE CHITAURI? Nova and the Champions fighting for Thanos? Strange allies abound and sacrifices will be made...One of these young heroes is about to lose everything. Collects Silver Surfer (1987) #39-50, Annual #3; Thanos Quest #1-2 and material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #50. The Mad Titan is on a quest for Death! The Silver Surfer may believe he has killed Thanos, but the terrible truth is that the Mad Titan still lives — and that’s bad news for the Marvel Universe, because Thanos’ great love has sent him on a space-faring search for the Infinity Gems! Meanwhile, the Surfer tackles a deadly life-form and deals with the madness of Dynamo City! But when Thanos returns from his quest, glove on hand and hell-bent for revenge, do the Surfer, Galactus and Drax the Destroyer stand a chance? And whose side will Mephisto be on? Norrin Radd must face his past as events build to a confrontation that sets the stage for the cosmic epic known as INFINITY GAUNTLET! Thanos is likely the most evil being in the universe…and if anyone would know, it’s the all-new Cosmic Ghost Rider. Let the spirit of vengeance be your guide on a tour through the worst of the worst, as he reveals the most heinous deeds ever perpetrated by the Mad Titan…or by anyone else! Reprinting Infinity War (1992) #1! Reprinting Silver Surfer (1987) #34! AT LONG LAST…THANOS WINS! When there is nothing left to kill, Death comes…to the one who loves her most – KING THANOS. How will the fantastic saga of Thanos, King Thanos and the Cosmic Ghost Rider end? Reprinting Thanos Rising (2013) #1! Reprinting Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1! Reprinting Iron Man (1968) #55 & material from Logan's Run (1977) #6! Jim Starlin and Alan Davis return in the first volume of a new trilogy! The Mad Titan has everything he ever wanted — but satisfaction is not in Thanos’ vocabulary. When a temporal distortion on Titan draws his attention, he finds the purpose he’s been searching for: saving himself! An old enemy lurks in the far future, and it will take the combined wits of Thanos, his brother Eros and time-travel master Kang the Conqueror to stop it — and save the Multiverse. But there are other players in this cosmic chess game — and Thanos may find himself outmatched! What lies ahead for the so-called Avatar of Death? Reprinting Avengers (1963) #125! Collects Marvel Universe Avengers Assemble Season 2 #2, 11-12, 15-16 and material from #1. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL’S AVENGERS ASSEMBLE SEASON TWO! The Avengers face the machinations of the Mad Titan himself — Thanos! And you know he must be bad when even the Red Skull is fleeing from him! Thanos seeks the cosmic Power Stone — but will the robotic Arsenal, built by Tony Stark’s father, help keep it out of the Titan’s grasp? Thanos has targeted all the Stones necessary to form the Infinity Gauntlet — and if he succeeds, he’ll have ultimate power in the palm of his hand! Black Widow has a plan to save the universe — but it will take all of the Avengers to pull it off! Captain America and Iron Man don’t see eye-to-eye, but can they put aside their differences in time to come together for the final battle to save everything? Collects Marvel’s Avengers: Infinity War Prelude #1-2, Infinity #1 And Thanos Annual #1. When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, Captain America and the Winter Soldier go rogue to find him — but Iron Man isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, Falcon and Black Widow are headed next — because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. Get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for 2018’s biggest blockbuster with this special prelude! Plus, with the Avengers distracted, see Thanos seize his opportunity to strike at Earth in the first chapter of Jonathan Hickman’s epic Infinity! Delve into the Mad Titan’s past as he joins himself on a time-bending journey of discovery — one that sets the stage for his next cosmic odyssey! THE SURFER STRIKES! Thanos and his future self take on the most powerful opposition to his reign left in the universe – Norrin Radd. Can even two Thanoses crack his Cosmic Shell? Collects Thanos (2016) #13-18 And Thanos Annual (2018) #1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words: “Thanos wins.” And now, it looks as though that disturbing thought is about to become a horrific reality! See what happens when the Mad Titan gets his way! Thanos journeys to the end of time and his moment of complete victory…and still isn’t happy with what he sees. Witness the Mad Titan’s greatest glory — and ultimate shame! And no matter what form Thanos’ victory takes, is there any way that anyone — or anything — can possibly survive? Featuring the Silver Surfer and introducing the all-new cosmic Spirit of Vengeance, Ghost Rider! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #60-66, Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme #36, Warlock and the Infinity Watch #1-6; material from Silver Surfer Annual #5! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #34-38, #40, #44-50; Thanos Quest #1-2! Collects Avengers & the Infinity Gauntlet #1-4, Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1. Thanos, scourge of the cosmos, has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. With the power of the gems, he destroyed half the population of all worlds, including many of the Avengers and half the Fantastic Four. The only force standing in his way is what's left of the Avengers. But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains--including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Ms. Marvel and Doctor Doom--overpower the unstoppable? Plus: See where the saga began in the classic Infinity Gauntlet #1. Collects Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1-6. The Mad Titan Thanos has seized control of Infinity Gauntlet and with it near-omnipotent power! Who can stop this deadly new overlord? All of Marvel's top heroes star in this epic of cosmic proportions! The secret origins of King Thanos’ right-hand man, the cosmic spirit of vengeance, Ghost Rider! Just who IS this madman and how did he become allies with the most evil man in the Universe? THE THREAT FROM ABOVE! As a Master of the Mystic Arts, DOCTOR STEPHEN STRANGE has witnessed many unusual things…but none so powerful and potentially Universe-threatening as the existence of the INFINITY STONES! Don’t miss a detail of the galaxy-spanning story featuring IRON MAN, THOR, CAPTAIN AMERICA, VISION, SCARLET WITCH and more, and make yourself an Infinity Stone expert before this summer’s blockbuster film! The Infinity Stones. Individually, they grant their wielder great power. Together, they grant the power of a god. Newly reformed and scattered throughout the universe, these artifacts allow the ones who claim them their heart’s desire. Now, as their locations are discovered, forces converge for a battle that will begin the universe down a dark path to the END. Jump onto this exciting ride that will lead to the biggest Infinity yet! Plus: The saga of the Infinity Stones—what they are and how they came to be! From creation to destruction to re-creation, this prose primer will tell you everything you need to know about the legendary cosmic gems! When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, CAPTAIN AMERICA and THE WINTER SOLDIER go rogue to find him – but IRON MAN isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, the Falcon and the Black Widow are headed next – because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. And get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR in part 1 of this special prelude! THANOS WINS Part 3. As King Thanos and his Rider prepare to face the coming forces of the Fallen One, he surveys the Universe he’s dominated…just a king and his dog. His big…green…dog… Collects Thanos (2016) #7-12. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before: powerless and alone! He is willing to do anything to survive, even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! And when a threat emerges that’s even worse than the Mad Titan himself, every last one of our lives will depend on the weakened Thanos’ drive to survive! And then there’s the small matter of the God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned — and now, it’s Thanos’ turn to explore its depths. But that’s nothing compared to what’s coming: Earth’s Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! Thanos?! But can the cosmos survive when Thanos and his son, Thane, come face-to-face in their violent and universe-shaking climactic battle? Thanos has journeyed to the end of time to the moment of his complete victory…and he’s not happy with what he sees! Writer Donny Cates and artist Geoff Shaw (God Country) continue the tale of the Mad Titan’s greatest glory and ultimate shame! THANOS WINS Part 1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words… THANOS WINS. Now… see what happens when he does.PLUS: Includes 3 bonus MARVEL PRIMER PAGES! The Guardians meet their match as Thanos’ plan to retrieve an ancient artifact finally comes to fruition! But what is the Eternity Forge – and how will the Mad Titan use it to ravage the galaxy? Will Groot throw over Rocket for Cosmo the Spacedog as his new best friend? This is the most important question, AND YES IT IS TOTALLY POSSIBLE! The spectacular conclusion of Bendis' Avengers era -from falling out with the X-Men to getting to know the Guardians of the Galaxy! When the cosmic Phoenix Force threatens the planet, it's up to Earth's Mightiest Heroes to stop it - but Cyclops and his mutant team have a diff erent plan. This means war! When the dust settles on the devastating AVX confl ict, Tony Stark intercepts a signal that may lead the Avengers into the arms of one of their dearest friends...or their greatest enemies! Plus, an all-star roster assembles alongside the Guardians for a blockbuster showdown with Thanos! The Vision returns! And young hero Nova gets some expert advice on how best to use his newfound powers! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2010) #24.1, #25-34; AVENGERS ASSEMBLE (2012) #1-8; AVENGERS: HEROES WELCOME #1; MATERIAL FROM AVX: VS #6. It all comes to this: The battle between Thanos and his son Thane comes to a violent and universe-shaking climax! A hero returns - and an epic saga begins! Dan Jurgens ushers in one of the greatest eras of Thor - and it begins with the truly blockbuster art of John Romita Jr.! The Thunder God walks the Earth once more, but his new lease on life comes with new enemies - and a new mortal alter ego! Will Thor's comeback be cut short by Dark Gods, the Destroyer and Doctor Doom? Then, on the Eighth Day, the unstoppable Juggernaut will be just the beginning for Thor, Iron Man and Spider-Man! The heavy hitters keep on coming - like Mangog and Thanos! But if Thor is busy saving Midgard, who's protecting Asgard? COLLECTING: THOR (1998) #1-35, ROUGH CUT; SILVER SURFER/THOR ANNUAL 1998; THOR ANNUAL 1999-2000; PETER PARKER: SPIDER-MAN (1999) #2, #11; IRON MAN (1998) #21 (B STORY), #22; JUGGERNAUT: THE EIGHTH DAY. Thanos, depowered. Thane, host of the Phoenix Force. Round Two! RIP Thanos? The Guardians go undercover! In their latest heist, the team must infiltrate Thanos' home planet. Too bad nobody told them the Worshippers of Thanos are on to them! Earth's Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! - THANOS?! Jim Shooter and an unparalleled team of avenging artists -- George Pérez, John Byrne, Jim Starlin and more -- bring you Earth's Mightiest Heroes at their best! This Marvel Masterworks volume is packed with classic encounters staged on a truly massive scale: Jim Starlin's defining Thanos War, Ultron's revenge, the cosmic Korvac Saga -- it's a dizzying array of iconic adventures! Luckily, the Avengers aren't alone as they face these challenges -- they're joined by the Guardians of the Galaxy, the amazing Spider-Man and the ever-lovin' blue-eyed Thing! Also featuring Adam Warlock, Gamora, the Collector, the Lethal Legion, Count Nefaria, a new look for Wonder Man, and the unfolding secret origins of Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch! Collects Avengers (1963) #164-177, Annual (1967) #7, Marvel Two-In-One Annual (1976) #2. CAN GAMORA ESCAPE HER PAST? GAMORA attempts to make amends for her past misdeeds, but finds herself ensnared in a deadly trap set by her evil sister, NEBULA! And when RONAN and the GRANDMASTER join the fray, will Gamora ever be able to rid herself of her past alliances with them? The God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned. Now, it's Thanos' turn. The Merc with a Mouth takes on Marvel's greatest heroes and vilest villains! Everything you knew about Deadpool's first encounter with Cable was wrong - now get the full story! Can X-Force save history from Deadpool? Wade Wilson goes to Infinity and beyond throwing down the gauntlet against the Mad Titan, Thanos! But who will win Death's fair, bony hand? It's the ultimate battle of good-crazy and bad-crazy as Deadpool takes on Carnage - there will be blood! And the regenerating degenerate hangs out with Hawkeye on Halloween - the horror! Plus, Madcap really gets inside Wade's head, and DP helps out his "best bud" Spidey by wearing his webs! Winning friends and influencing people, Deadpool style! Collects Deadpool vs. X-Force #1-4, Deadpool Annual (2013) #1-2, Deadpool vs. Thanos #1-4, Deadpool vs. Carnage #1-4, Hawkeye vs. Deadpool #0-4. Modern visionary Jonathan Hickman begins his Marvel magnum opus! As threats to Earth mount, the Avengers expand! And while Iron Man and Captain America assemble their Avengers World and strive to decipher the meaning of the White Event, Tony Stark secretly tries to solve the biggest crisis of all, along with his influential allies, the Illuminati! While they seek to prevent the collapse of reality itself, the Avengers face a war on two fronts! Protecting Earth from the Builders may only hand it to...Thanos! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2012) #1-23, NEW AVENGERS (2013) #1-12, FREE COMIC BOOK DAY 2013: INFINITY #1, INFINITY #1-6, INFINITY: AGAINST THE TIDE INFINITE COMIC #1-2, ASTONISHING TALES: MOJOWORLD #1-6, MATERIAL FROM SHANG-CHI: MASTER OF KUNG FU (2009) #1. SPARTAX WAR – PART TWO! THANOS has come to SPARTAX and now the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY must unite with THOR and his all-star guard in order to save PETER QUILL! A threat worse than Thanos. Let that sink in. Worse…than the Mad Titan himself. That's why we need Thanos. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before…powerless and alone! Thanos is willing to do anything to survive...even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! To Infinity and beyond! Follow the sentinel of the spaceways into a Marvel Universe-spanning cosmic extravaganza against the Mad Titan Thanos - who wears the Infinity Gauntlet! Drax battles Firelord, the Surfer fights the Rhino and Thanos forces Norrin to get introspective! But is this dimension big enough for the ultimate duel between the Silver Surfer and the Mad Titan? When the dust settles on Earth, the Surfer heads back into space, only to face Midnight, the Inhumans and the Collector! But how will that lead to him coming face to face with...Captain Mar-Vell? Plus, the Surfer faces the undead, joins Mr. Fantastic on an emergency mission, and takes on the Guardians of the Galaxy in the 26th century! And Nova goes solo! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #51-66, Annual #4; material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #69, 93-97. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL'S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY The stars of 2017's most cosmic sequel in highly animated adventures! After a distracting run-in with Ronan, the Guardians just want to get back on track and find the Cosmic Seed before Thanos gets his hands on it! But a chance encounter with Thor will throw the group way off track! Can they ever find their way back, or will the Son of Odin bring their journey to an end? Meanwhile, Star-Lord deals with daddy issues - and his daddy is the head of a galactic empire! Will Peter Quill end up triggering an Asgard/Spartax war? Never mind Groot - we are the World Tree! Plus: Discover the Guardians' origins. Collecting Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015B) #17-19 and material from Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015A) #1-4. Blast off with Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket Raccoon and Groot as they head for the stars and right into an all-new ongoing series! Creators Gerry Duggan, Aaron Kuder and Ive Svorcina bring you over-the-top action and out-of-this-world adventure as the stage is set for May's highly anticipated All-New Guardians of the Galaxy #1! As this unlikely band of misfits returns to outer space once more, nothing will prepare them for their first run in with the new Nova Corps! Thanos’ misfortunes come to a head. Thane’s plans come to fruition. Time for a father-son reunion. Brian Michael Bendis’ last issue! It’s all built to this! GROUNDED comes to a conclusion with this double-sized blockbuster as Brian Michael Bendis wraps up his epic run on GUARDIANS! With the team stuck on Earth and scattered to the winds, could the only thing to bring them together truly be…THANOS? Featuring art by series artist Valerio Schiti and special guest artists to celebrate the end of an era! Follow the fateful saga of the Avenger named Mantis - a tale three decades in the telling! It all begins with the revelations of the Star-Stalker, and soon drags Earth's Mightiest Heroes into a cosmic clash between Captain Marvel and Thanos! But when Kang comes to the present day in search of the Celestial Madonna, Mantis' life is forever altered! In one of the greatest Avengers epics ever told, the besotted Swordsman will go to great lengths to save the woman he loves. Wedding bells will chime, and Mantis will embrace her destiny! Collects Avengers (1963) #123-125, #129-135; Giant-Size Avengers #2-4; Avengers: Celestial Quest #1-8. In the wake of the two Annihilation events, Star-Lord recruited Rocket and Groot to Guard the Galaxy - but what were the three unlikely heroes doing in the years before they came together? Find out in this catch-up on their pre-Annihilation adventures! When She-Hulk is caught in a cosmic caper, she finds Rocket Raccoon - transformed into a stone statue! What happened, and can Shulkie find a way to de-petrify him? Meanwhile, an imprisoned Peter Quill joins Adam Warlock, Pip the Troll and Gladiator as uneasy allies of...a redemption-seeking Thanos! Collects Sensational She-Hulk (1989) #44-46; Thanos (2003) #7-12; Marvel Monsters: Monsters on the Prowl; Nick Fury's Howling Commandos #1-6, 1 Director's Cut. You can cage Thanos. You can lock Thanos away. But you won’t keep him long. Thanos has only one living child – Thane. He murdered all his other offspring. But he didn’t leave Thane alive out of love. A new life for the Mad Titan! Thanos's pursuit of the Infinity Gems has always defined him. But when the Marvel heroes defeat him once again, Thanos's beloved Mistress Death grants him one fi nal chance. Stripped of his powers and his old skin, Thanos embarks on a cosmic walkabout to reassert his power over himself and the Multiverse. This all-new, original tale explores the inner life of one of the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe. Haunted by family - or the semblances of it - the Mad Titan may become something else entirely. Will he maintain his illusions of grandeur, or is this a new path for a lost god? Thanos takes on the Imperial Guard. The entire Imperial Guard. They’re gonna need more guardsmen. Thanos is pure evil. Thanos is unstoppable. It's time to take him down. EVIL HAS BEEN UNLEASHED ON THE UNIVERSE. Thanos, possibly the most evil individual in the Marvel Universe, is back…and he’s out for vengeance on all who would oppose him. Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he’s also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, following the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…THANOS! CIVIL WAR II TIE-IN! The Ultimates are at war – with each other! Can they solve their problems and come together in time to face the real threat...or will Thanos and his new acolyte destroy them all? She's come to stop crime across the globe and bring peace to the universe. Captain America and Spider-Man are on her side; Thanos and Mephisto stand against her. So how can she be the bad guy? Jim Starlin's 1990s cosmic collection culminates when the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, the Avengers, the Infinity Watch, the New Warriors and most other super-hero teams of the time are split by a universal crisis...of faith! Also featuring the Mole Man, the Absorbing Man and other classic characters! Collecting INFINITY CRUSADE #1-3, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #1-3 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #18-19.<br>All Ages ...$29.99<br> Thanos, possibly the most diabolical individual in the Marvel Universe, is back — and he's out for vengeance on all who would oppose him! Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he's also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, and follow the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…Thanos! He is pure evil. He is unstoppable. And it's time for someone — anyone — to take him down. Collects Thanos #1-6. Thanos has come to Earth. It’s the Ultimates’ job to stop him. And they won’t be enough. And even if they win this battle -- will the ultimate superteam survive the cost of victory? Plus: the origin of the Ultimates... and of their greatest enemy! ON THE ROAD TO CIVIL WAR II!
The Ultimates deal with the fallout from their journey Outside - and the return of the Anti-man! Meanwhile, Project: Pegasus holds the key to humanity's survival... or destruction...and THANOS is coming for it! After Revelation and Relativity comes a grand Finale! Desperate times called for mad measures. Facing checkmate in his latest grand game of cosmic chess, Thanos took himself off the board - violently. Yet for the paramour of Death, oblivion is so often temporary. Now the Titan is back -- but the galaxy has been ravaged in his absence. Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, is stronger than ever and harnessing the godlike power of Adam Warlock to wage genocide across the posiverse. Only a handful of heroes, and one or two villains, still stand. Will those few that remain choose between two evils and ally themselves with Thanos? They would form one of the mightiest assemblages ever witnessed. But even that may not be enough to avert the total annihilation of everything there is. And this time, the obliteration of all time and space may truly be the end. Builder and destroyer of universes Jim Starlin (Infinity Gauntlet) presents an epic conclusion to his new Infinity trilogy, featuring art by Ron Lim! Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, makes a renewed assault on the positive universe, searching for a source of infinite power. To stop him, a fragile alliance of cosmic protectors forms. The Guardians of the Galaxy. Gladiator, Majestor of the Shi'ar. And Adam Warlock - whose complex cycle of death and rebirth has left him more confused than ever about his true nature. With Adam reunited with his Infinity Watch comrades Gamora, Drax and Pip the Troll - and joined by newer friends like Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and Groot - they hold the potential to end Annihilus' threat once and for all...if only they knew how! But the answer lies in the dark mind of another. A Titan, whom some would hold as mad. Could the fate of everything rest in the hands of...Thanos? Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin's The heroes return from Hala only to find the entire planet of Spartax in grave danger! Kitty unlocks the one thing which may leads towards the destruction of the Black Vortex. But will it be in time? And just when things could get any more dire, enter The Brood! The 3rd chapter of the BLACK VORTEX!
With a schism forming within the assembled heroes, the youngest among them face the temptation of immeasurable power.
Sometimes those with great power shirk their responsibility to use it for good, though.
And with Knife and his new business partner looking to take back the Black Vortex, the group may have left themselves defenseless. Couples fight. We all know they do. Especially when one half of the couple is Peter Quill. You know what we find often helps a rough patch? Space mischief and scoundreling! That's a word, right? Of course, it can also distract you from the whole...guarding the galaxy thing. Relationships, am I right? Peter comes face-to-face with Mr. Knife! And you won't believe who's behind that snazzy mask. And all this craziness seems to have put a little strain on Peter and Kitty's relationship. You know what'll fix that right up? SPACE DATE! Or rather...SPACE PRISON BREAK! Peter Quill, what a catch. Peter desperately attempts to keep a phone date with Kitty while simultaneously getting wrapped up with Mister Knife and his crew! - STAR-LORD UNLEASHED! All these basic busters out in space are about to get a taste of their own medicine, Peter Quill-style! - MISTER KNIFE steps from the shadows...this guy is drag city. - WHAT is the mysterious Black Vortex? (It's not a band, it's an ancient cosmic artifact that is gonna cause big trouble.) - Dude, space is awesome, but the ice cream up here suuuuucks. - The FINAL CHAPTER of what really happened in the Cancerverse!
- Remember when Star-Lord and Nova were going to sacrifice their lives to take out Thanos?
- And remember how Drax was supposed to have died?
- Well, Nova seems to be the only one missing now. Time to get some answers here! - The battle to end all battles--Star-Lord vs. Thanos!
- As Peter Quill attempts to return to Earth, he encounters the all-powerful Titan responsible for so much mayhem in his life.
- How can Star-Lord possibly get out of this alive?!
- Plus, a guest appearance by Kitty Pryde! Last we checked, Star-Lord, Thanos, and Nova were trapped in the Cancerverse...But Star-Lord and Thanos seem to be running around just fine. So what exactly happened to Richard Rider? Original Sin Tie-In! You know you want to know how Star-Lord got back from the Cancerverse. And didn't Nova go in there with him? Guess he's not into the whole "no man left behind" thing. There is an imbalance in the universe. And since his latest return from oblivion, Thanos himself feels...incomplete. Now, the so-called Mad Titan would put both wrongs right. The revelatory waters of the Infinity Well lead Thanos on a new quest, with a once-sworn enemy at his side. A crusade that will bring confrontation with the Silver Surfer and the galaxy's mightiest heroes, the Annihilators. An odyssey that will change everything. Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin returns to his signature character in a tale of death and rebirth that will transform the Marvel Universe once more! - Jim Starlin returns to Thanos, and he's brought INFINITY GAUNTLET artist Ron Lim with him!
- Thanos must face Mephisto, his future self, the Avengers and more!
- Learn how a devastating defeat in Thanos' past set events into motion that will redefine the Marvel Universe in the near future!
- A prequel to the upcoming THANOS: THE INFINITY REVELATION original graphic novel! All roads lead to this!
The over-sized conclusion of the Marvel Summer event!
The heroes of Earth versus the forces of Thanos! <ul><li>The Avengers Universe.</li><li>The Heroes of Earth rally to defeat Thanos.</li><li>The war for Earth begins.</li></ul> <ul><li>Negotiating the fall of worlds.</li><li>The Illuminati versus Thanos.</li><li>Thor, God of War.</li></ul> <ul><li>Prison break.</li><li>Stealing a worldkiller.</li><li>The fall of Attilan.</li></ul> <ul><li>Thanos&#39; Rise is now complete.... setting the stage for Marvel&#39;s massive, universe changing event: INFINITY!</li></ul> The oversized kickoff to the year's most anticipate Blockbuster summer event, chaning the way you view the Marvel Universe!
- The outbreak of war on two fronts: Earth and Space, with our heroes torn between them.
- The world-shattering return of Thanos!
- Includes material from FREE COMIC BOOK DAY: INFINITY Thanos kills a lot of people. <ul><li>The Mad Titan flees his home in search of true love.</li><li>But how many lives will he have to take to find it?</li><li>The book so blood-soaked you&rsquo;ll be glad it&rsquo;s a mini-series.</li></ul> <ul><li>Continuing the jaw-dropping origin of the mad Titan who will soon change the face of the Galaxy!</li><li>Death follows young Thanos as his inner darkness grows.</li></ul> - What comes after "Marvel NOW!"? Whatever it is, it starts HERE.
- The vile face left movie audiences in shock after last summer's Marvel Studios' "The Avengers" movie, but who is this eerily disturbing villain?
- Thanos rises as the unrivaled rogue of wretchedness in this gripping tale of tragedy, deceit and destiny. Where did this demi-god of death and destruction come from and...more importantly what does he want?
- The answers come from the incredible creative team of Jason Aaron (Wolverine, X-Men Origins) and Simone Bianchi (Wolverine, Astonishing X-Men) as they take you on journey that will not only change the course of one boy's life...
...but will soon change the very nature of the Marvel Universe. <ul><li>The explosive conclusion to the Avengers&rsquo; cosmic odyssey!</li><li>Will the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy be able to stop Thanos from his quest to make Earth the throne world of his new empire?</li><li>The explosive fallout of the storyline will change one of the Avengers&rsquo; lives forever as a brand-new Marvel initiative spins out of this bombastic series.</li></ul> The Avengers square off against the Zodiac for the good of the city. Will the team defeat their new-found enemies or will they crumble beneath their star-studded powers? GET READY FOR THE MOST EARTH SHATTERING, WORLD DESTROYING, INSURANCE-RATE HIKING, EVENT IN MARVEL HISTORY SINCE THE LAST ONE! Wyatt Cenac and Elliott Kalan of "The Daily Show" lead a cavalcade of comedy's finest minds to answer the questions about the Marvel Universe you were ashamed to ask!  This Fall, the Marvel U will be rocked down to its spandex wearing core! Be ashamed. Be VERY ashamed!  #shameitself When the God of Thunder goes berserk, the most powerful heroes in the universe may not be able to stop him! See Thor tear through the ranks of Beta Ray Bill, the Silver Surfer, Adam Warlock, Dr. Strange, Drax the Destroyer and Thanos! And when the mad Thor gets his hands on the Infinity Gem of Power, even Odin may be powerless to stop him! Collecting THOR (1966) #468-471, SILVER SURFER (1987) #86-88, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #6-8 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #23- 25. Deadpool, against the greatest threats in the Marvel Universe: Thanos! Wolverine! Bullseye! T-Ray! Dr. Bong!? Deadpool, in some of the quirkiest adventures ever seen: Sumos! Arabian princesses! Saber-toothed bunnies! Zombies! Introducing Widdle Wade, the tiny Deadpool assassin! All this and Deadpool...married?!? Plus: In BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK, witness the most bizarre Deadpool stories ever told! Collecting DEADPOOL (1997) #26-33, BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK and DEADPOOL TEAM-UP #1. The conclusion to the Infinity Gauntlet arc takes the Avengers into the heart of the universe and reveals a new entity. Who will wield the gauntlet? The evil Thanos has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? The Avengers! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)! Collecting AVENGERS & THE INFINITY GAUNTLET #1-4, plus the first issue of the original INFINITY GAUNTLET series. THE THANOS IMPERATIVE is over, but who and what has survived? What happened to Thanos? What about Lord Mar-Vell and the Cancerverse? Who rules the Kree and the Shi'Ar? Is anyone left to guard the galaxy? The Thrilling Conclusion to the space-spanning saga! The evil
Thanos has toyed with the Avengers long enough'time to do away with them and get to controlling the entire universe!
Can Earth's Mightiest Heroes make a final stand and save EVERYTHING'or is it Thanos Triumphant? 32 PGS./Rated A '$2.99 The war against the abominable Cancerverse reaches its climax. Only Thanos can decide the fate of two universes, but what choice will he make? The "new" Avengers have trekked across the stars to stop Thanos...and after being cramped in a space-trailer with Spider-Man and Doctor Doom, the Hulk wants one thing and one thing only: TO SMASH RAISIN CHIN MAN!!! But he better watch out, because Thanos will leave an infinity gauntlet-shaped imprint in the Hulk's jade jaws if he tries to mess with the mad titan's plans of cosmic domination!
Rated A ...$2.99 Thanos is outnumbered and outgunned by the Cancerverse forces, and his unlikely allies-Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and the other brave misfits-find themselves making a last stand to save the galaxy's #1 villain! FILLLLLLHERRRUPPPP!!!! Half of Earth's super heroes have vanished, and an all-new team of Avengers have assembled to find them. Ms. Marvel! Wolverine! Spider-Man! Dr. Doom!...wait, wha-HUH!? But faster than you can say "BACK STAB" the team rockets into space to save their lost teammates. But first things first: they're going to need gas. Space gas. Only one man can help: the meanest mother trucker in the galaxy, US ACE! So pop a squat at the Star Stop In the Cancerverse itself, Star-Lord's rag-tag team learns whether attempting to make a deal with Thanos was the smartest choice they ever made or the worst decision of their entire lives! The evil THANOS has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? THE AVENGERS! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)!
Rated A ...$2.99 As the staggering consequences of the Cancerverse's invasion become apparent, Star-Lord and his battered band of heroes fight to protect Thanos, who has actually become the universe's only hope! A rival universe where life is the ultimate curse is gouging into our own! Even the great abstract figures of creation like Oblivion and Eternity have taken up arms! What possible significance can Star-Lord and his band of misfit heroes hope to have? The THANOS SOURCEBOOK is an ideal primer for any reader of the latest saga to rock the cosmos! Featuring biographies on Marvel's intergalactic cast of characters - as written by Earth's Richard Rider, the Nova Prime! Nova, The Silver Surfer, Quasar, Gladiator and more of the greatest cosmic champions of the Marvel Universal line up to stop creatures from beyond The Fault, but it could be more than even they can handle. Thanos is back! On one side you have the Marvel Universe's #1 threat! On the other: a dark new force determined to obliterate everyone! In the middle are the outnumbered and battle-hardened heroes that stand between us and complete decimation! Death, life and resurrection...Annihilus is back and hungry for revenge!
Prime Elements part four: The Cult of the Negative Zone!
Rated T He's back...Thanos! How did he return? Why is he back? And what does the appearance of the galaxy's #1 threat mean for our rag-tag band of universal protectors? REALM OF KINGS. The universe faces one of its greatest evils - and no one can see it coming! The Magus, the shadow-half of Adam Warlock, is not dead after all...and only a small and hapless band of heroes can stop him! He's back and better than ever - the hero that wouldn't die, Captain Marvel! After a few years in hiatus, mighty Marvel's space-born super hero returned, and under the aegis of writer/artist Jim Starlin, his story would achieve a scale never before imagined!  Stripping the Kree Captain down to his very core and forcing him through a gauntlet of past opponents, Starlin then brought to the fore one of Marvel's pre-eminent cosmic menaces for the very first time: the mad Titan, Thanos. With the stage set and the players from unearthly entity Eon to Drax the Destroyer and the mighty Avengers pulled into fray, the good Captain led the fight against Thanos and his Cosmic Cube in a confrontation that would redefine super-hero epics forever!  Featuring an introduction by Jim Starlin and an extensive selection of bonuses, this Marvel Masterworks volume is the definitive collection of the creative arc that defined Captain Marvel!  Collecting CAPTAIN MARVEL #22-33 and IRON MAN #55.<br>Rated A ...$54.99 <br> The epic, visionary EARTH X saga concludes.  Will the Heroes of Earth be able to solve the problems of the Paradise they helped create? Will their quest for a new Death entity succeed so the pain and suffering of the world's population ceases? Collecting PARADISE X #6-12,  RAGNAROK, DEVILS, A, X.<br><br>352 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99 <br><br>ISBN: 0-7851-2416-0 <br><br><br> In EARTH X, Captain America, the Fantastic Four, Thor, the Hulk and the X-Men discovered that their purpose - and the meaning of all super heroes and mutated people in the universe - was nothing more than to protect their host planet, in this case Earth, from outside invasion. They learned super heroes are merely biological antibodies to protect a growing embryo within the Earth. An embryo for the Celestial race: This is the way these Gods fought back - only to cause a terrible ecological imbalance, a rift at its core that in time would wipe out all life on the planet. In UNIVERSE X, Captain Marvel was reborn on Earth years after his death. But he also still claimed to walk in the realm of the unliving, where Earth's fallen champions still exist. Mar-Vell led a team of heroes in a quest for the greatest weapons of mass destruction on Earth, suggesting this would limit the destruction caused by the growing power struggle on the planet. But this was not the only reason. For his crusade on Earth only supported and armed a battle he fought in the realm of the fallen, a battle against Death herself. Those living champions who died in his collection of artifacts were added to the battle raging in this other realm. Mar-Vell led a charge against Death and killed her. But now that Death is dead, no one will ever die again. They may writhe in pain in hospitals because their bodies have been broken beyond repair, but they will not die. They will call out for an end to their suffering. They will cry out for peace but there will be no answer. Paradise will be denied them. Yes. Death is truly dead. Long live the living. Collecting PARADISE X #0-5, PARADISE X: XEN and HERALDS #1-3.<br>304 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99<br>ISBN: 0-7851-2415-2<br> She-Hulk's firm is dealing with their first superhuman sexual assault case. Their client? Eros of Titan, the space-faring Avenger called Starfox! And when emotions get over-heated at the office, expect a love triangle or two to finally come to a head! What will this mean for Pug, She-Hulk and John Jameson? Who (or what) is Awesome Andy falling for?! And what will be the final fate of Starfox? Will he face ruin or redemption? One way or another, the case against the fallen Avenger ends on the moon of Titan! Plus: Civil War threatens the rights of every American super hero. So whose side will Marvel's top superhuman lawyer fight for? And how can she possibly choose, when she feels one way as She-Hulk, and another as Jen Walters? Collecting SHE-HULK #6-13.<br>192 PGS./Rated T+ ...$19.99<br> Left behind, can Drax survive... Thanos takes action... and Nova sets course on a suicide mission. Remember the Titans? <br>Inside the mind of THANOS, SHE-HULK and MOONDRAGON learn a secret so dark, so disturbing, that it will forever change the way you see the Titans! This is it, gamma-fans. One way or another, the case against STARFOX ends here! Will he face ruin or redemption? All this-and a two-fisted throwdown between everyone's favorite Emerald Amazon(Yay!) and the Mad Titan (Boo!)! <br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The United Front led by NOVA, RONAN and DRAX have held, but only just. ANNIHILUS' forces have been fought to a standstill. But can any defense withstand the devastating attack of RAVENOUS and the CENTURIONS? Get caught up on all of the players in the Annihilation event - just in time for this month's ANNIHILATION #1! Featuring Annihilus, Nova, Ronan, the Silver Surfer, the Super-Skrull, Thanos and more - all from the Xandarian Worldmind files of the Nova Corps!<br>48 PGS NO ADS/Rated A ...$3.99<br> It all comes to a head in this issue as the Surfer confronts the sins of his past and, more importantly, determines his future path.  Whatever you were expecting, we guarantee, this wasn't it.  It's a whole new, senses staggering chapter in the Surfer's ongoing saga!<br>Interlocking cover with all three other ANNIHILATION covers! <br>Guest starring FIRELORD, GALACTUS, and THANOS!<br>32 PGS./Rated A ...$2.99<br> GUEST STARRING THANOS!<br>GUEST STARRING GALACTUS!<br>Can even the combined might of the ex-heralds of Galactus stand against an all out assault by the Annihilation Wave?  It gets worse.  Thanos, the near omnipotent mad Titan, commands the Annihilation wave assault.  It gets EVEN worse. With the heralds otherwise occupied, a shocking character moves to strike at Galactus!  You don't want to miss this one!  No.  Really.  You don't.<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The ex-heralds of Galactus unite to combat a common foe.  But can even the combined powers of the Silver Surfer, Firelord, Terrax and Red Shift stand against the Annihilation Wave and it's mad master?  And what dark ambition motivates Thanos to strike a dark alliance with the invading force?<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> ANNIHILATION continues here!<br><br>The Annihilation Wave has targeted the ex-heralds of Galactus. Hunted by beings every bit as powerful as himself, the Silver Surfer must find a way to unite Galactus' ex-heralds against a common foe!<br><br>But, can even the united cosmic might of those who served Galactus stand against these powerful beings called Seekers!?<br><br>Guest starring: FIRELORD and GABRIEL THE AIR WALKER. <br>And introducing RAVENOUS!<br><br><br>32 PGS./Rated T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> This is it! 48 pages of cosmic guts and glory! If you want to see your favorite cosmic level heroes and villains, you dare not miss ANNIHIALTION: PROLOGUE! This 48 page (NO ADS!) book is written by Keith Giffen (DRAX THE DESTROYER, THANOS), and features the stunning art of Scott Kolins & Ariel Olivetti. This is the book to read for the NEXT YEAR'S worth of cosmic stories! Get in on the ground floor as Marvel raises these great characters from the ashes!<br>Heroes will die. Villains and heroes will form allegiances. Empires will fall.<br>FEATURING: NOVA, SILVER SURFER, THANOS, DRAX THE DESTROYER, RONAN THE ACCUSER, AND THE SUPER-SKRULL! <br>Retailers take note: this issue kicks off a cosmic event starting in April! <br>48 PGS (NO ADS)/T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$3.99<br> The death of Drax and we're not kidding.  Not a crossover stunt, not a sales gimmick, not a hackneyed plot device.  In this issue Drax dies... bites the big one... shuffles off the ol' mortal coil... You get the picture.  And wait till you see who lands the death blow!<br><br>32 PGS./T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> At the very edge of existence, Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to re-evaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them. Meanwhile, a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized forms a Super Posse to bag the Mad Titan once and for all! It's Thanos, the mad Titan, versus the Fallen One, first herald to world-devouring Galactus and grade A prime interstellar sociopath, as we wind up our first year with a cosmic melee that's sure to be talked about for years to come. Like it would kill you to buy one for a friend? The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning tale woven by his creator, Jim Starlin (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals -- and what hidden desires now pull at his heart and mind? Collects THANOS #1-6. In the aftermath of Thanos' battle with the Beyonder, the damage to the Kyln prison shorts out a vital power link, allowing one of the Kyln's most dangerous prisoners its freedom: the fallen one, first herald to Galactus, a cosmic-powered sociopath looking to even an old score with its former master! It's Thanos vs. the Maker (a.k.a. Cosmos, a.k.a. the Beyonder, a.k.a. Skippy the Wonder Weasel) in a no-holds-barred, cosmic brawl that answers the oft-asked question: Quisp or Quake? In part 3 of Giffen & Lim's first story arc, Thanos makes his manipulative presence felt in the depths of the intergalactic maximum-security penitentiary Omega Core - while a Super Posse is formed by a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized to bag him once and for all! <br>32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99<br> At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! The planet-shaking conclusion of the Thanos/Galactus/Hunger conflict! 
If the Titan goes down, he's going down fighting!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)<br>Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.<br>32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)
Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.
32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) Thanos attacks Galactus in the only reasonable way possible: a psychic assault. Guest-starring Moondragon.
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 For what cosmic reason does Thanos seek a confrontation with the planet-devourer Galactus? And must Adam Warlock oppose him, or aid him?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning new ongoing series by his creator, JIM STARLIN (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). 
He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals ... and what hidden desires pull at his heart and mind now?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Thanos is the only person who can save the universe. But will he? The universe is unraveling, and Thanos is holding the threads. Will he mend the fabric of reality? The most powerful beings in the universe must decide how to deal with the nigh-omnipotent Thanos. Thanos's power is escalating to Celestial-level heights. Will he be corrupted further by his new might? With almost all of the world's heroes dead, it's up to Thanos of Titan to save the world. When an ancient Pharaoh is granted godlike abilities, he sets out to conquer the universe! Can the heroes of the Marvel Universe stop him before it's too late? Mephisto's grand plan stands revealed! Find out how and why he has been manipulating the minds of Thanos, Nighthawk, Gargoyle and Dr. Doom.
 Creel is whole! Now, the monster that destroyed the Avengers is back with a vengeance! Meanwhile, in the land of the dead, the heroes have made their way to Death, Thanos, and Mephisto.
 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 4 (of 4)
He made the universe, and he might just unmake it. Marv's insanity has reached critical mass, and it's going to take the combined efforts of Rick Jones, Marv's mom, the Skrull, the Shi'ar, the Kree, and the new Captain Marvel herself to rein him in. 
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 3 (of 4)
THE DEBUT OF THE NEW ... CAPTAIN MARVEL?!
There's a new sheriff in town, and man is she pissed! Marv goes home to Titan and finds a ghost town ... and a new Captain Marvel ready to take his mantle, whether he wants to give it up or not.  
The series changes right here!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Immortus' mutant battalion has arrived at Castle Doom! Can Reed Richards hold the horde off? Meanwhile, Thor, Captain Marvel, the Hulk, and the X-Men confront the Supreme Intelligence.
 While Moonknight battles the Assasins of Set-Thor, Captain Mar-Vell, the Hulk, and the X-Men are all mysteriously teleported to Egypt to watch the furious engagement! Plus, the final stand of the Fantastic Four.
 Captain America and Captain Mar-Vell head to both the Savage Land and Limbo in an effort to locate the power sources of Earth X. It's the two Captains versus Space Phantoms, Dire Wraiths, and the demon called Belasco!
 Reed Richards thought that Galactus was defeated. He thought the Celestials were gone. He was wrong. Now, the heroes of the Marvel Universe await an unspeakable evil to befall them all. And it starts with the rebirth of Captain Mar-Vell.
 Freshly infused with energy from newly acquired armaments, Thor engages in a final showdown with Thanos! Thor, alongside Firelord and the Recorder, battle Thanos and Mangog! Thor, Firelord, and the Recorder head to stop Thanos and Mangog. But it may already be too late! It's Thor versus Thanos in a battle for the future! Thor makes a terrible discovery when he travels to Asgard to seek the council of the gods. Is it the origin of T-Ray, or the origin of Deadpool? Is Deadpool T-Ray? Is T-Ray Wade Wilson? Those questions and more are asked as we glimpse the events that lead to Mercedes Wilson's death from T-Ray's point of view!
 Ka-Zar takes home field advantage against Thanos in the SAVAGE LAND! The Plunderer teams up with perhaps the most dangerous Marvel villain…Ka-Zar takes on a mission far from his wheelhouse when he does battle with Thanos! The mighty powerful Thanos faces Ka-Zar! Thanos has assembled the mightiest cosmic warriors for this very moment- the destruction of Tyrant, the most powerful being in the galaxy! But will Terrax, Jack, Ganymede and Legacy object to being Thanos’ pawns? And when Thanos takes on Tyrant alone, will the Titan walk away victorious? Will he walk away at all? The explosive conclusion to Cosmic Powers! Tyrant attempts mind control over Morg, a devoted herald of Galactus. Will Morg find himself with a new master…and the Power Cosmic? Ganymede agrees to help Thanos in his takedown of Tyrant. But Jack of Hearts and Legacy have tracked down Ganymede- straight into Tyrant’s fortress! Legacy is intent on destroying Nitro, the villain responsible for killing his father, Captain Marvel. What follows is a worthy battle of galactic proportion! But will Legacy be able to take Nitro’s life? Ganymede of the Spinsterhood may be the key to defeating Tyrant. But will Terrax and Thanos be able to strike an alliance? Jack of Hearts finds himself falling for Ganymede, but her vows prevent love from taking hold. Will the two say no to Thanos…and live? Silver Surfer and Legacy must pacify the monks of the Oracle’s monastery. Will Thanos ever return what is not rightfully his? No chance! The battle for all-encompassing knowledge just got heated. Has Thanos found a comrade in arms with Terrax? The warrior from Lanlak certainly shares a bloodlust with the mad Titan, especially for Tyrant, Galactus’ android. This could be the beginning of Marvel’s most dangerous alliance yet! Thanos takes extreme measures to relieve his boredom- measures that involve mass murder! The cosmos tremble as the tyrant searches for a worthy combatant. Enter the cosmic playing field of Marvel’s mightiest galactic heroes! Who will be able to stop the Mad Titan? The Watch vs. Thanos! Meanwhile, Odin does his best to cure Thor of his insanity, but his efforts prove in vain. Will Thor's mind be restored with the help of...Thanos?! Thanos assembles an elite team of cosmic villains to acquire the Oracle of Ancient Knowledge! Featuring Geatar, Rhino, Nitro, and Super-Skrull! Thor’s coming for Thanos...! But Silver Surfer and the Mind Valkyrie know how outmatched the Thunder God might be, so they rush to Thanos’ ship before any serious harm is done! It's time for the next wave of Secret Defenders to enter the fray! NORTHSTAR, and his blinding speed! NOVA, and his cosmic power! THE INCREDIBLE HULK, and his smashing strength! Together with Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, these heroes will face the worst villain in all of the Marvel Universe - THANOS, the Mad Titan! The conclusion is here! One by one, stars in the Milky Way galaxy have begun to explode. Can the heroes save the universe? What role will Thanos come to play in the final act? After teaming up with Drax The Destroyer to fight Thor, The Hulk is abandoned and left to drift in space above Paradise Omega. Can the Jade Giant make it back to the surface in time to join the action? Mephisto knows how to use the Cosmic Cubes in ways no one was meant to use them. His price for the information: a Cosmic Cube once the Goddess is defeated. His customers? Thanos and Adam Warlock! Earth's gathered champions are rocketing toward Paradise Omega, home of Adam Warlock's virtuous female doppleganger, the Goddess. Has she been slain? What is next for the heroes? Adam Warlock must search for answers within while he does battle with his greatest enemy...himself! Magus triumphant!  Who will win the Infinity War...and at what price? The Magus is now in possession of a fully functioning Infinity Gauntlet.  What chance do Adam Warlock and the Marvel heroes have now? The Marvel heroes are fighting a war on two fronts while the Magus schemes his way to total domination. Is the only way to save the universe...the Infinity Gauntlet?! Magus's plan for domination hits a deadly new level.  And when the heroes track down the cause of the mayhem, they come face to face with Thanos and Warlock and the Infinity Watch.  Fight! The evil dopplegangers infiltration of the Marvel heroes has led to mistrust and infighting...and things get worse when a Gamma bomb is detonated! When evil dopplegangers of the Marvel heroes appear, it's all-out war!  Why has Magus unleashed them on an unsuspecting world? And is the heroes only hope...Thanos?! Nebula has the Infinity Gauntlet -- and, in the most shocking twist yet,
Thanos now stands with Earth's heroes to defeat her! Can one being
possibly contain all that power? And if not Thanos, then who? With a
shock ending that'll leave you begging for more! After a chemical accident, Spider-Man’s consciousness is separated from his body and he enters an alternate plane where Death herself lies in wait! Not to mention Thanos is there too, in possession of the Infinity Gauntlet!
 SILVER SURFER VS. THANOS! Doctor Strange convinces the Surfer to engage in a duel of combat with Thanos in order to crush Nebula's ascension. Galactus! The Celestials! The Stranger! Master Order and Lord Chaos! The
all-powerful entities of the universe have united to stand against
Thanos -- and they don't stand a chance! Can the remnants of Earth's
heroes succeed where the gods have failed? And the captive Nebula has
her eyes on that Gauntlet... REAL LIFE OR FANTASY? Surfer is banished to an alternate dimension where he is forced to face his darkest fears and failures. Wolverine, broken! The Scarlet Witch, incinerated! She-Hulk and Namor,
buried alive! The Vision, ripped apart! Thor, shattered! Iron Man,
beheaded! Cyclops, suffocated! When Earth's heroes attack, Thanos takes
the kid gloves off -- but leaves the god-making Infinity Gauntlet on! The Silver Surfer's stripped of his Power Cosmic and is forced to kill himself…in an alternate reality! Thanos creates the planet of Necronos and sacrifices millions to death! ANIMALS ON THE LOOSE! Before his battle with Thanos, Silver Surfer must help Rhino who has realized that releasing Central Park Zoo's animals does more harm than good. Infinity Gauntlet crossover! Empowered by the Gauntlet, Thanos brings four Quantum-Band wielders back to life! Eon’s remains are scattered over Earth. Thanos summons Doctor Strange into a time warp where the Sorcerer Supreme must fight for his life!
 To start the day, Thanos wrote his name across the universe in planets.
To finish, he'll stand against the assembled might of Earth's remaining
heroes! Plus: When Mistress Death rejects Thanos again, he creates his
own perfect mate: Meet Terraxia the Terrible! Billions of people across the planet have disappeared; now, the super
humans of Earth scramble to find out what's going on! Featuring Quasar!
Dr. Strange! Dr. Doom! Captain America! Thor! Warlock! Wolverine! Iron
Man! She-Hulk! The Silver Surfer! And more! WHILE A UNIVERSE TREMBLES! Drax has bigger problems to worry about than Firelord when Doctor Strange unites a group of heroes to prepare for a galactic battle with none other than...THANOS! Seeking to impress the Mistress Death, who returned him to life, Thanos
has gained control over the Infinity Gauntlet -- making him an
all-powerful god! With Mephisto as his familiar, Thanos wipes out half
of the life in the universe with a snap of his fingers! What will Earth
do when half its the heroes are killed? Finally in possession of all the Infinity Stones, Thanos turns a stone golem into a powerful war machine. The Silver Surfer races back to Earth to warn the other heroes of Thanos' diabolical master plan. Drax and the Surfer have enough power between them to annihilate small planets, but can they match the awesome force of Thanos when he wields all of the Infinity Stones? Drax the Destroyer and the Silver Surfer partner up to defeat Thanos -- for real this time. Thing and Starhawk track Moondragon and Her to the High Evolutionary's Counter-Earth. There they clash over the absconded Alicia Masters. A mysterious celestial being called Her is after Adam Warlock, and thinks that Alicia Masters is the key to finding him. Thing must team up with Starhawk in order to save her! Spider-Man and Thing find themselves on board Thanos’s ship and besieged by his legions. Meanwhile, Adam Warlock reunites with Gamora and Pip the Troll within the Soul Gem. Collects Black Order #1-5.

They are the scourge of the Avengers, the Cull Obsidian — Thanos’ most feared warriors! Now the ruthless Black Order has been dispatched by the Grandmaster to destabilize a burgeoning empire — but as big and as bad as they are, there is always someone bigger and badder. Isn’t that always the way? You go to assassinate an emperor, he turns the tables, and suddenly a very simple mission gets a whole lot more complicated — and the man called Nova shows up to spoil all the fun! As the Black Order suffers a painful and unexpected defeat, their new teammate the Black Swan is presented with a simple choice: stay and risk an ungainly end — or leave and abandon the closest thing she has to a family. Empires, rebellions, spies and sabotage combine in an absolutely unhinged adventure! THANOS IS DEAD! Executed by the deadliest assassin in the galaxy…his daughter, Gamora. But before their relationship came to a bloody end, how did it begin? Find out in this all new miniseries by Tini Howard (MARVEL KNIGHTS 20TH and AGE OF CONAN: BELIT) and Ariel Olivetti (DEATH OF THE INHUMANS)!
 Reprinting Warlock and the Infinity Watch #9 The most ruthless villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage as we celebrate the 80th anniversary of the House of Ideas with the era-spanning MARVEL TALES! This anthology series shines a spotlight on fan-favorite characters, features timeless stories and highlights some of Marvel’s most impressive talent from the past eight decades — and for Thanos, it could only be the cosmic maestro, Jim Starlin! Reprinting the classic tale, written and drawn by Starlin, that first revealed Thanos’ stunning connection to the deadliest woman in the galaxy — Gamora — from WARLOCK (1972) #10! Another Starlin-scripted epic pits the Mad Titan against one of the MU’s greatest evils — the devilish Mephisto — in SILVER SURFER (1987) #45! And Gamora gets the chance to unleash her full fury on her twisted father figure in WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #8!
 COLLECTING: INFINITY WAR 1-6; FANTASTIC FOUR (1961) 366-370; SPIDER-MAN (1990) 24; DEATHLOK (1991) 16; DAREDEVIL (1964) 310; WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH 7-10; DOCTOR STRANGE, SORCERER SUPREME 42-47; SILVER SURFER (1987) 67-69; WONDER MAN (1991) 13-15; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 110-112; SILVER SABLE & THE WILD PACK 4-5; GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (1990) 27-29; QUASAR 37-40; NEW WARRIORS (1990) 27; MARC SPECTOR: MOON KNIGHT 41-44; NOMAD (1992) 7; SLEEPWALKER 18; MATERIAL FROM CAPTAIN AMERICA (1968) 408; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 109; MARVEL COMICS PRESENTS (1988) 108-112. The epic sequel to the Infinity Gauntlet! Adam Warlock's dark half has resurfaced. The Magus is here. And the cosmos shall feel his wrath! As the Magus schemes for ultimate power, an army of evil doppelgangers overwhelms Earth's heroes, Dr. Strange and Galactus seek answers and Thanos enters the fray - alongside the Infinity Watch! Can the Avengers, X-Men and more turn the tide? To defeat the Magus, Eternity must be awakened...and the Infinity Gauntlet reassembled! Collects Marvel Universe: The End #1-6. 

A catastrophic, existence-ending event forces Earth's mightiest heroes and villains to join forces to fend off Armageddon. Led by the demigod Thanos, Earth's superhumans must stand shoulder-to-shoulder to face the most terrifying threat that they've ever encountered: Nothing less than the end of all that ever was! Collecting Infinity #1-6, New Avengers (2013) #7-12, Avengers (2012) #14-23 and Infinity: Against the Tide Infinite Comic #1-2.

Thanos makes his world-shattering return, and his armies fire the opening shots of a galactic war that will be fought both on Earth and in deep space - with our heroes caught between both battles! As the mad Titan's secrets are revealed, the Inhumans' city of Attilan falls, and the members of the Illuminati find themselves on the front line! And as every Origin Site on Earth goes active, the Builders enter the Marvel Universe. But can the Avengers return to Earth in time to save it, when betrayal in the Galactic Council has left them prisoners of war? For the Mad Titan, Thanos, the Infinity Gauntlet was the Holy Grail — the ultimate prize to be coveted above all else. With it came omnipotence: the absolute control of all aspects of time, space, power, reality, mind and soul. But his gaining of supreme might meant the beginning of a black nightmare for the entire universe. Now, on the edge of Armageddon and led by the mysterious Adam Warlock, Earth’s super heroes join in a desperate attempt to thwart this nihilistic god’s insane plunge into galactic self-destruction. Should the heroes fail, the astral gods of the universe wait to step into the fray. But in such an awesome cosmic conflict, will anyone prevail? Will anyone survive? The original Infinity epic is collected alongside a Gauntlet-full collection of behind-the-scenes extras! Collects Cosmic Ghost Rider #1-5. You knew him as the Punisher. Then Frank Castle made a deal with the devil that made him the Ghost Rider. A deal with Galactus made him cosmic. And a deal with Thanos made him…dead?! Not to worry, Castle doesn’t die easy. He’s back — and he’s got a plan to make the universe a better place! It all starts with an idea so simple he can’t believe no one’s ever done it before. But as with all things worth doing, it’s not going to be easy. Castle takes on space sharks, faces down the future Guardians of the Galaxy and runs into Galactus during a bar fight! And don’t forget…baby Thanos?! It’s Frank…er…the Punish…um…Cosmic Ghost Rider in the craziest caper you’ve ever seen! Continuing their popular Art Of series, Marvel Studios presents its biggest achievement yet: Marvel Studios' Avengers: Infinity War! A threat has emerged from the cosmos: Thanos. A ruthless warlord who plans to collect all six Infinity Stones. Joined by his formidable allies, he will be near-unstoppable at achieving his goal. The Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and Spider-Man must join forces and fight side by side to stop Thanos, while the fate of the Earth and the universe lies in the balance. Go behind the scenes with this keepsake volume! Collects Infinity Countdown: Black Widow #1, Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel #1, Infinity Countdown: Champions #1-2, & Infinity Countdown: Daredevil #1. The events of the INFINITY COUNTDOWN are felt all across the Marvel Universe! Carol Danvers has the Reality Stone — and with it meets the Captain Marvels of many worlds! Daredevil battles to keep Hell’s Kitchen safe from the influence of the Mind Stone — now in the most unlikely of hands! The Champions head to space to save the Nova Corps and stop Warbringer — and the young heroes are in for the fight of their lives! And an old friend entrusts the Space Stone into the hands of the Black Widow — but is even the world’s top espionage agent ready to handle cosmic responsibility? Don’t miss this blockbuster companion volume to the explosive event! THANOS WINS...AGAIN! Rising star Donny Cates returns to the Mad Titan to bring the story bridging the gap between his best-selling “Thanos Wins” and the worldshattering INFINITY WARS! How did Thanos’ journey back from the future lead to the events of INFINITY WARS PRIME? Now it can be told! COSMIC GHOST RIDER VS. THE FUTURE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY FOR THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE! ’NUFF SAID! CHAMPIONS…OF THE CHITAURI? Nova and the Champions fighting for Thanos? Strange allies abound and sacrifices will be made...One of these young heroes is about to lose everything. Collects Silver Surfer (1987) #39-50, Annual #3; Thanos Quest #1-2 and material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #50. The Mad Titan is on a quest for Death! The Silver Surfer may believe he has killed Thanos, but the terrible truth is that the Mad Titan still lives — and that’s bad news for the Marvel Universe, because Thanos’ great love has sent him on a space-faring search for the Infinity Gems! Meanwhile, the Surfer tackles a deadly life-form and deals with the madness of Dynamo City! But when Thanos returns from his quest, glove on hand and hell-bent for revenge, do the Surfer, Galactus and Drax the Destroyer stand a chance? And whose side will Mephisto be on? Norrin Radd must face his past as events build to a confrontation that sets the stage for the cosmic epic known as INFINITY GAUNTLET! Thanos is likely the most evil being in the universe…and if anyone would know, it’s the all-new Cosmic Ghost Rider. Let the spirit of vengeance be your guide on a tour through the worst of the worst, as he reveals the most heinous deeds ever perpetrated by the Mad Titan…or by anyone else! Reprinting Infinity War (1992) #1! Reprinting Silver Surfer (1987) #34! AT LONG LAST…THANOS WINS! When there is nothing left to kill, Death comes…to the one who loves her most – KING THANOS. How will the fantastic saga of Thanos, King Thanos and the Cosmic Ghost Rider end? Reprinting Thanos Rising (2013) #1! Reprinting Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1! Reprinting Iron Man (1968) #55 & material from Logan's Run (1977) #6! Jim Starlin and Alan Davis return in the first volume of a new trilogy! The Mad Titan has everything he ever wanted — but satisfaction is not in Thanos’ vocabulary. When a temporal distortion on Titan draws his attention, he finds the purpose he’s been searching for: saving himself! An old enemy lurks in the far future, and it will take the combined wits of Thanos, his brother Eros and time-travel master Kang the Conqueror to stop it — and save the Multiverse. But there are other players in this cosmic chess game — and Thanos may find himself outmatched! What lies ahead for the so-called Avatar of Death? Reprinting Avengers (1963) #125! Collects Marvel Universe Avengers Assemble Season 2 #2, 11-12, 15-16 and material from #1. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL’S AVENGERS ASSEMBLE SEASON TWO! The Avengers face the machinations of the Mad Titan himself — Thanos! And you know he must be bad when even the Red Skull is fleeing from him! Thanos seeks the cosmic Power Stone — but will the robotic Arsenal, built by Tony Stark’s father, help keep it out of the Titan’s grasp? Thanos has targeted all the Stones necessary to form the Infinity Gauntlet — and if he succeeds, he’ll have ultimate power in the palm of his hand! Black Widow has a plan to save the universe — but it will take all of the Avengers to pull it off! Captain America and Iron Man don’t see eye-to-eye, but can they put aside their differences in time to come together for the final battle to save everything? Collects Marvel’s Avengers: Infinity War Prelude #1-2, Infinity #1 And Thanos Annual #1. When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, Captain America and the Winter Soldier go rogue to find him — but Iron Man isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, Falcon and Black Widow are headed next — because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. Get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for 2018’s biggest blockbuster with this special prelude! Plus, with the Avengers distracted, see Thanos seize his opportunity to strike at Earth in the first chapter of Jonathan Hickman’s epic Infinity! Delve into the Mad Titan’s past as he joins himself on a time-bending journey of discovery — one that sets the stage for his next cosmic odyssey! THE SURFER STRIKES! Thanos and his future self take on the most powerful opposition to his reign left in the universe – Norrin Radd. Can even two Thanoses crack his Cosmic Shell? Collects Thanos (2016) #13-18 And Thanos Annual (2018) #1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words: “Thanos wins.” And now, it looks as though that disturbing thought is about to become a horrific reality! See what happens when the Mad Titan gets his way! Thanos journeys to the end of time and his moment of complete victory…and still isn’t happy with what he sees. Witness the Mad Titan’s greatest glory — and ultimate shame! And no matter what form Thanos’ victory takes, is there any way that anyone — or anything — can possibly survive? Featuring the Silver Surfer and introducing the all-new cosmic Spirit of Vengeance, Ghost Rider! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #60-66, Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme #36, Warlock and the Infinity Watch #1-6; material from Silver Surfer Annual #5! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #34-38, #40, #44-50; Thanos Quest #1-2! Collects Avengers & the Infinity Gauntlet #1-4, Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1. Thanos, scourge of the cosmos, has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. With the power of the gems, he destroyed half the population of all worlds, including many of the Avengers and half the Fantastic Four. The only force standing in his way is what's left of the Avengers. But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains--including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Ms. Marvel and Doctor Doom--overpower the unstoppable? Plus: See where the saga began in the classic Infinity Gauntlet #1. Collects Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1-6. The Mad Titan Thanos has seized control of Infinity Gauntlet and with it near-omnipotent power! Who can stop this deadly new overlord? All of Marvel's top heroes star in this epic of cosmic proportions! The secret origins of King Thanos’ right-hand man, the cosmic spirit of vengeance, Ghost Rider! Just who IS this madman and how did he become allies with the most evil man in the Universe? THE THREAT FROM ABOVE! As a Master of the Mystic Arts, DOCTOR STEPHEN STRANGE has witnessed many unusual things…but none so powerful and potentially Universe-threatening as the existence of the INFINITY STONES! Don’t miss a detail of the galaxy-spanning story featuring IRON MAN, THOR, CAPTAIN AMERICA, VISION, SCARLET WITCH and more, and make yourself an Infinity Stone expert before this summer’s blockbuster film! The Infinity Stones. Individually, they grant their wielder great power. Together, they grant the power of a god. Newly reformed and scattered throughout the universe, these artifacts allow the ones who claim them their heart’s desire. Now, as their locations are discovered, forces converge for a battle that will begin the universe down a dark path to the END. Jump onto this exciting ride that will lead to the biggest Infinity yet! Plus: The saga of the Infinity Stones—what they are and how they came to be! From creation to destruction to re-creation, this prose primer will tell you everything you need to know about the legendary cosmic gems! When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, CAPTAIN AMERICA and THE WINTER SOLDIER go rogue to find him – but IRON MAN isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, the Falcon and the Black Widow are headed next – because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. And get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR in part 1 of this special prelude! THANOS WINS Part 3. As King Thanos and his Rider prepare to face the coming forces of the Fallen One, he surveys the Universe he’s dominated…just a king and his dog. His big…green…dog… Collects Thanos (2016) #7-12. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before: powerless and alone! He is willing to do anything to survive, even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! And when a threat emerges that’s even worse than the Mad Titan himself, every last one of our lives will depend on the weakened Thanos’ drive to survive! And then there’s the small matter of the God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned — and now, it’s Thanos’ turn to explore its depths. But that’s nothing compared to what’s coming: Earth’s Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! Thanos?! But can the cosmos survive when Thanos and his son, Thane, come face-to-face in their violent and universe-shaking climactic battle? Thanos has journeyed to the end of time to the moment of his complete victory…and he’s not happy with what he sees! Writer Donny Cates and artist Geoff Shaw (God Country) continue the tale of the Mad Titan’s greatest glory and ultimate shame! THANOS WINS Part 1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words… THANOS WINS. Now… see what happens when he does.PLUS: Includes 3 bonus MARVEL PRIMER PAGES! The Guardians meet their match as Thanos’ plan to retrieve an ancient artifact finally comes to fruition! But what is the Eternity Forge – and how will the Mad Titan use it to ravage the galaxy? Will Groot throw over Rocket for Cosmo the Spacedog as his new best friend? This is the most important question, AND YES IT IS TOTALLY POSSIBLE! The spectacular conclusion of Bendis' Avengers era -from falling out with the X-Men to getting to know the Guardians of the Galaxy! When the cosmic Phoenix Force threatens the planet, it's up to Earth's Mightiest Heroes to stop it - but Cyclops and his mutant team have a diff erent plan. This means war! When the dust settles on the devastating AVX confl ict, Tony Stark intercepts a signal that may lead the Avengers into the arms of one of their dearest friends...or their greatest enemies! Plus, an all-star roster assembles alongside the Guardians for a blockbuster showdown with Thanos! The Vision returns! And young hero Nova gets some expert advice on how best to use his newfound powers! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2010) #24.1, #25-34; AVENGERS ASSEMBLE (2012) #1-8; AVENGERS: HEROES WELCOME #1; MATERIAL FROM AVX: VS #6. It all comes to this: The battle between Thanos and his son Thane comes to a violent and universe-shaking climax! A hero returns - and an epic saga begins! Dan Jurgens ushers in one of the greatest eras of Thor - and it begins with the truly blockbuster art of John Romita Jr.! The Thunder God walks the Earth once more, but his new lease on life comes with new enemies - and a new mortal alter ego! Will Thor's comeback be cut short by Dark Gods, the Destroyer and Doctor Doom? Then, on the Eighth Day, the unstoppable Juggernaut will be just the beginning for Thor, Iron Man and Spider-Man! The heavy hitters keep on coming - like Mangog and Thanos! But if Thor is busy saving Midgard, who's protecting Asgard? COLLECTING: THOR (1998) #1-35, ROUGH CUT; SILVER SURFER/THOR ANNUAL 1998; THOR ANNUAL 1999-2000; PETER PARKER: SPIDER-MAN (1999) #2, #11; IRON MAN (1998) #21 (B STORY), #22; JUGGERNAUT: THE EIGHTH DAY. Thanos, depowered. Thane, host of the Phoenix Force. Round Two! RIP Thanos? The Guardians go undercover! In their latest heist, the team must infiltrate Thanos' home planet. Too bad nobody told them the Worshippers of Thanos are on to them! Earth's Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! - THANOS?! Jim Shooter and an unparalleled team of avenging artists -- George Pérez, John Byrne, Jim Starlin and more -- bring you Earth's Mightiest Heroes at their best! This Marvel Masterworks volume is packed with classic encounters staged on a truly massive scale: Jim Starlin's defining Thanos War, Ultron's revenge, the cosmic Korvac Saga -- it's a dizzying array of iconic adventures! Luckily, the Avengers aren't alone as they face these challenges -- they're joined by the Guardians of the Galaxy, the amazing Spider-Man and the ever-lovin' blue-eyed Thing! Also featuring Adam Warlock, Gamora, the Collector, the Lethal Legion, Count Nefaria, a new look for Wonder Man, and the unfolding secret origins of Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch! Collects Avengers (1963) #164-177, Annual (1967) #7, Marvel Two-In-One Annual (1976) #2. CAN GAMORA ESCAPE HER PAST? GAMORA attempts to make amends for her past misdeeds, but finds herself ensnared in a deadly trap set by her evil sister, NEBULA! And when RONAN and the GRANDMASTER join the fray, will Gamora ever be able to rid herself of her past alliances with them? The God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned. Now, it's Thanos' turn. The Merc with a Mouth takes on Marvel's greatest heroes and vilest villains! Everything you knew about Deadpool's first encounter with Cable was wrong - now get the full story! Can X-Force save history from Deadpool? Wade Wilson goes to Infinity and beyond throwing down the gauntlet against the Mad Titan, Thanos! But who will win Death's fair, bony hand? It's the ultimate battle of good-crazy and bad-crazy as Deadpool takes on Carnage - there will be blood! And the regenerating degenerate hangs out with Hawkeye on Halloween - the horror! Plus, Madcap really gets inside Wade's head, and DP helps out his "best bud" Spidey by wearing his webs! Winning friends and influencing people, Deadpool style! Collects Deadpool vs. X-Force #1-4, Deadpool Annual (2013) #1-2, Deadpool vs. Thanos #1-4, Deadpool vs. Carnage #1-4, Hawkeye vs. Deadpool #0-4. Modern visionary Jonathan Hickman begins his Marvel magnum opus! As threats to Earth mount, the Avengers expand! And while Iron Man and Captain America assemble their Avengers World and strive to decipher the meaning of the White Event, Tony Stark secretly tries to solve the biggest crisis of all, along with his influential allies, the Illuminati! While they seek to prevent the collapse of reality itself, the Avengers face a war on two fronts! Protecting Earth from the Builders may only hand it to...Thanos! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2012) #1-23, NEW AVENGERS (2013) #1-12, FREE COMIC BOOK DAY 2013: INFINITY #1, INFINITY #1-6, INFINITY: AGAINST THE TIDE INFINITE COMIC #1-2, ASTONISHING TALES: MOJOWORLD #1-6, MATERIAL FROM SHANG-CHI: MASTER OF KUNG FU (2009) #1. SPARTAX WAR – PART TWO! THANOS has come to SPARTAX and now the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY must unite with THOR and his all-star guard in order to save PETER QUILL! A threat worse than Thanos. Let that sink in. Worse…than the Mad Titan himself. That's why we need Thanos. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before…powerless and alone! Thanos is willing to do anything to survive...even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! To Infinity and beyond! Follow the sentinel of the spaceways into a Marvel Universe-spanning cosmic extravaganza against the Mad Titan Thanos - who wears the Infinity Gauntlet! Drax battles Firelord, the Surfer fights the Rhino and Thanos forces Norrin to get introspective! But is this dimension big enough for the ultimate duel between the Silver Surfer and the Mad Titan? When the dust settles on Earth, the Surfer heads back into space, only to face Midnight, the Inhumans and the Collector! But how will that lead to him coming face to face with...Captain Mar-Vell? Plus, the Surfer faces the undead, joins Mr. Fantastic on an emergency mission, and takes on the Guardians of the Galaxy in the 26th century! And Nova goes solo! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #51-66, Annual #4; material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #69, 93-97. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL'S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY The stars of 2017's most cosmic sequel in highly animated adventures! After a distracting run-in with Ronan, the Guardians just want to get back on track and find the Cosmic Seed before Thanos gets his hands on it! But a chance encounter with Thor will throw the group way off track! Can they ever find their way back, or will the Son of Odin bring their journey to an end? Meanwhile, Star-Lord deals with daddy issues - and his daddy is the head of a galactic empire! Will Peter Quill end up triggering an Asgard/Spartax war? Never mind Groot - we are the World Tree! Plus: Discover the Guardians' origins. Collecting Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015B) #17-19 and material from Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015A) #1-4. Blast off with Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket Raccoon and Groot as they head for the stars and right into an all-new ongoing series! Creators Gerry Duggan, Aaron Kuder and Ive Svorcina bring you over-the-top action and out-of-this-world adventure as the stage is set for May's highly anticipated All-New Guardians of the Galaxy #1! As this unlikely band of misfits returns to outer space once more, nothing will prepare them for their first run in with the new Nova Corps! Thanos’ misfortunes come to a head. Thane’s plans come to fruition. Time for a father-son reunion. Brian Michael Bendis’ last issue! It’s all built to this! GROUNDED comes to a conclusion with this double-sized blockbuster as Brian Michael Bendis wraps up his epic run on GUARDIANS! With the team stuck on Earth and scattered to the winds, could the only thing to bring them together truly be…THANOS? Featuring art by series artist Valerio Schiti and special guest artists to celebrate the end of an era! Follow the fateful saga of the Avenger named Mantis - a tale three decades in the telling! It all begins with the revelations of the Star-Stalker, and soon drags Earth's Mightiest Heroes into a cosmic clash between Captain Marvel and Thanos! But when Kang comes to the present day in search of the Celestial Madonna, Mantis' life is forever altered! In one of the greatest Avengers epics ever told, the besotted Swordsman will go to great lengths to save the woman he loves. Wedding bells will chime, and Mantis will embrace her destiny! Collects Avengers (1963) #123-125, #129-135; Giant-Size Avengers #2-4; Avengers: Celestial Quest #1-8. In the wake of the two Annihilation events, Star-Lord recruited Rocket and Groot to Guard the Galaxy - but what were the three unlikely heroes doing in the years before they came together? Find out in this catch-up on their pre-Annihilation adventures! When She-Hulk is caught in a cosmic caper, she finds Rocket Raccoon - transformed into a stone statue! What happened, and can Shulkie find a way to de-petrify him? Meanwhile, an imprisoned Peter Quill joins Adam Warlock, Pip the Troll and Gladiator as uneasy allies of...a redemption-seeking Thanos! Collects Sensational She-Hulk (1989) #44-46; Thanos (2003) #7-12; Marvel Monsters: Monsters on the Prowl; Nick Fury's Howling Commandos #1-6, 1 Director's Cut. You can cage Thanos. You can lock Thanos away. But you won’t keep him long. Thanos has only one living child – Thane. He murdered all his other offspring. But he didn’t leave Thane alive out of love. A new life for the Mad Titan! Thanos's pursuit of the Infinity Gems has always defined him. But when the Marvel heroes defeat him once again, Thanos's beloved Mistress Death grants him one fi nal chance. Stripped of his powers and his old skin, Thanos embarks on a cosmic walkabout to reassert his power over himself and the Multiverse. This all-new, original tale explores the inner life of one of the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe. Haunted by family - or the semblances of it - the Mad Titan may become something else entirely. Will he maintain his illusions of grandeur, or is this a new path for a lost god? Thanos takes on the Imperial Guard. The entire Imperial Guard. They’re gonna need more guardsmen. Thanos is pure evil. Thanos is unstoppable. It's time to take him down. EVIL HAS BEEN UNLEASHED ON THE UNIVERSE. Thanos, possibly the most evil individual in the Marvel Universe, is back…and he’s out for vengeance on all who would oppose him. Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he’s also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, following the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…THANOS! CIVIL WAR II TIE-IN! The Ultimates are at war – with each other! Can they solve their problems and come together in time to face the real threat...or will Thanos and his new acolyte destroy them all? She's come to stop crime across the globe and bring peace to the universe. Captain America and Spider-Man are on her side; Thanos and Mephisto stand against her. So how can she be the bad guy? Jim Starlin's 1990s cosmic collection culminates when the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, the Avengers, the Infinity Watch, the New Warriors and most other super-hero teams of the time are split by a universal crisis...of faith! Also featuring the Mole Man, the Absorbing Man and other classic characters! Collecting INFINITY CRUSADE #1-3, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #1-3 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #18-19.<br>All Ages ...$29.99<br> Thanos, possibly the most diabolical individual in the Marvel Universe, is back — and he's out for vengeance on all who would oppose him! Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he's also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, and follow the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…Thanos! He is pure evil. He is unstoppable. And it's time for someone — anyone — to take him down. Collects Thanos #1-6. Thanos has come to Earth. It’s the Ultimates’ job to stop him. And they won’t be enough. And even if they win this battle -- will the ultimate superteam survive the cost of victory? Plus: the origin of the Ultimates... and of their greatest enemy! ON THE ROAD TO CIVIL WAR II!
The Ultimates deal with the fallout from their journey Outside - and the return of the Anti-man! Meanwhile, Project: Pegasus holds the key to humanity's survival... or destruction...and THANOS is coming for it! After Revelation and Relativity comes a grand Finale! Desperate times called for mad measures. Facing checkmate in his latest grand game of cosmic chess, Thanos took himself off the board - violently. Yet for the paramour of Death, oblivion is so often temporary. Now the Titan is back -- but the galaxy has been ravaged in his absence. Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, is stronger than ever and harnessing the godlike power of Adam Warlock to wage genocide across the posiverse. Only a handful of heroes, and one or two villains, still stand. Will those few that remain choose between two evils and ally themselves with Thanos? They would form one of the mightiest assemblages ever witnessed. But even that may not be enough to avert the total annihilation of everything there is. And this time, the obliteration of all time and space may truly be the end. Builder and destroyer of universes Jim Starlin (Infinity Gauntlet) presents an epic conclusion to his new Infinity trilogy, featuring art by Ron Lim! Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, makes a renewed assault on the positive universe, searching for a source of infinite power. To stop him, a fragile alliance of cosmic protectors forms. The Guardians of the Galaxy. Gladiator, Majestor of the Shi'ar. And Adam Warlock - whose complex cycle of death and rebirth has left him more confused than ever about his true nature. With Adam reunited with his Infinity Watch comrades Gamora, Drax and Pip the Troll - and joined by newer friends like Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and Groot - they hold the potential to end Annihilus' threat once and for all...if only they knew how! But the answer lies in the dark mind of another. A Titan, whom some would hold as mad. Could the fate of everything rest in the hands of...Thanos? Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin's The heroes return from Hala only to find the entire planet of Spartax in grave danger! Kitty unlocks the one thing which may leads towards the destruction of the Black Vortex. But will it be in time? And just when things could get any more dire, enter The Brood! The 3rd chapter of the BLACK VORTEX!
With a schism forming within the assembled heroes, the youngest among them face the temptation of immeasurable power.
Sometimes those with great power shirk their responsibility to use it for good, though.
And with Knife and his new business partner looking to take back the Black Vortex, the group may have left themselves defenseless. Couples fight. We all know they do. Especially when one half of the couple is Peter Quill. You know what we find often helps a rough patch? Space mischief and scoundreling! That's a word, right? Of course, it can also distract you from the whole...guarding the galaxy thing. Relationships, am I right? Peter comes face-to-face with Mr. Knife! And you won't believe who's behind that snazzy mask. And all this craziness seems to have put a little strain on Peter and Kitty's relationship. You know what'll fix that right up? SPACE DATE! Or rather...SPACE PRISON BREAK! Peter Quill, what a catch. Peter desperately attempts to keep a phone date with Kitty while simultaneously getting wrapped up with Mister Knife and his crew! - STAR-LORD UNLEASHED! All these basic busters out in space are about to get a taste of their own medicine, Peter Quill-style! - MISTER KNIFE steps from the shadows...this guy is drag city. - WHAT is the mysterious Black Vortex? (It's not a band, it's an ancient cosmic artifact that is gonna cause big trouble.) - Dude, space is awesome, but the ice cream up here suuuuucks. - The FINAL CHAPTER of what really happened in the Cancerverse!
- Remember when Star-Lord and Nova were going to sacrifice their lives to take out Thanos?
- And remember how Drax was supposed to have died?
- Well, Nova seems to be the only one missing now. Time to get some answers here! - The battle to end all battles--Star-Lord vs. Thanos!
- As Peter Quill attempts to return to Earth, he encounters the all-powerful Titan responsible for so much mayhem in his life.
- How can Star-Lord possibly get out of this alive?!
- Plus, a guest appearance by Kitty Pryde! Last we checked, Star-Lord, Thanos, and Nova were trapped in the Cancerverse...But Star-Lord and Thanos seem to be running around just fine. So what exactly happened to Richard Rider? Original Sin Tie-In! You know you want to know how Star-Lord got back from the Cancerverse. And didn't Nova go in there with him? Guess he's not into the whole "no man left behind" thing. There is an imbalance in the universe. And since his latest return from oblivion, Thanos himself feels...incomplete. Now, the so-called Mad Titan would put both wrongs right. The revelatory waters of the Infinity Well lead Thanos on a new quest, with a once-sworn enemy at his side. A crusade that will bring confrontation with the Silver Surfer and the galaxy's mightiest heroes, the Annihilators. An odyssey that will change everything. Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin returns to his signature character in a tale of death and rebirth that will transform the Marvel Universe once more! - Jim Starlin returns to Thanos, and he's brought INFINITY GAUNTLET artist Ron Lim with him!
- Thanos must face Mephisto, his future self, the Avengers and more!
- Learn how a devastating defeat in Thanos' past set events into motion that will redefine the Marvel Universe in the near future!
- A prequel to the upcoming THANOS: THE INFINITY REVELATION original graphic novel! All roads lead to this!
The over-sized conclusion of the Marvel Summer event!
The heroes of Earth versus the forces of Thanos! <ul><li>The Avengers Universe.</li><li>The Heroes of Earth rally to defeat Thanos.</li><li>The war for Earth begins.</li></ul> <ul><li>Negotiating the fall of worlds.</li><li>The Illuminati versus Thanos.</li><li>Thor, God of War.</li></ul> <ul><li>Prison break.</li><li>Stealing a worldkiller.</li><li>The fall of Attilan.</li></ul> <ul><li>Thanos&#39; Rise is now complete.... setting the stage for Marvel&#39;s massive, universe changing event: INFINITY!</li></ul> The oversized kickoff to the year's most anticipate Blockbuster summer event, chaning the way you view the Marvel Universe!
- The outbreak of war on two fronts: Earth and Space, with our heroes torn between them.
- The world-shattering return of Thanos!
- Includes material from FREE COMIC BOOK DAY: INFINITY Thanos kills a lot of people. <ul><li>The Mad Titan flees his home in search of true love.</li><li>But how many lives will he have to take to find it?</li><li>The book so blood-soaked you&rsquo;ll be glad it&rsquo;s a mini-series.</li></ul> <ul><li>Continuing the jaw-dropping origin of the mad Titan who will soon change the face of the Galaxy!</li><li>Death follows young Thanos as his inner darkness grows.</li></ul> - What comes after "Marvel NOW!"? Whatever it is, it starts HERE.
- The vile face left movie audiences in shock after last summer's Marvel Studios' "The Avengers" movie, but who is this eerily disturbing villain?
- Thanos rises as the unrivaled rogue of wretchedness in this gripping tale of tragedy, deceit and destiny. Where did this demi-god of death and destruction come from and...more importantly what does he want?
- The answers come from the incredible creative team of Jason Aaron (Wolverine, X-Men Origins) and Simone Bianchi (Wolverine, Astonishing X-Men) as they take you on journey that will not only change the course of one boy's life...
...but will soon change the very nature of the Marvel Universe. <ul><li>The explosive conclusion to the Avengers&rsquo; cosmic odyssey!</li><li>Will the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy be able to stop Thanos from his quest to make Earth the throne world of his new empire?</li><li>The explosive fallout of the storyline will change one of the Avengers&rsquo; lives forever as a brand-new Marvel initiative spins out of this bombastic series.</li></ul> The Avengers square off against the Zodiac for the good of the city. Will the team defeat their new-found enemies or will they crumble beneath their star-studded powers? GET READY FOR THE MOST EARTH SHATTERING, WORLD DESTROYING, INSURANCE-RATE HIKING, EVENT IN MARVEL HISTORY SINCE THE LAST ONE! Wyatt Cenac and Elliott Kalan of "The Daily Show" lead a cavalcade of comedy's finest minds to answer the questions about the Marvel Universe you were ashamed to ask!  This Fall, the Marvel U will be rocked down to its spandex wearing core! Be ashamed. Be VERY ashamed!  #shameitself When the God of Thunder goes berserk, the most powerful heroes in the universe may not be able to stop him! See Thor tear through the ranks of Beta Ray Bill, the Silver Surfer, Adam Warlock, Dr. Strange, Drax the Destroyer and Thanos! And when the mad Thor gets his hands on the Infinity Gem of Power, even Odin may be powerless to stop him! Collecting THOR (1966) #468-471, SILVER SURFER (1987) #86-88, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #6-8 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #23- 25. Deadpool, against the greatest threats in the Marvel Universe: Thanos! Wolverine! Bullseye! T-Ray! Dr. Bong!? Deadpool, in some of the quirkiest adventures ever seen: Sumos! Arabian princesses! Saber-toothed bunnies! Zombies! Introducing Widdle Wade, the tiny Deadpool assassin! All this and Deadpool...married?!? Plus: In BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK, witness the most bizarre Deadpool stories ever told! Collecting DEADPOOL (1997) #26-33, BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK and DEADPOOL TEAM-UP #1. The conclusion to the Infinity Gauntlet arc takes the Avengers into the heart of the universe and reveals a new entity. Who will wield the gauntlet? The evil Thanos has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? The Avengers! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)! Collecting AVENGERS & THE INFINITY GAUNTLET #1-4, plus the first issue of the original INFINITY GAUNTLET series. THE THANOS IMPERATIVE is over, but who and what has survived? What happened to Thanos? What about Lord Mar-Vell and the Cancerverse? Who rules the Kree and the Shi'Ar? Is anyone left to guard the galaxy? The Thrilling Conclusion to the space-spanning saga! The evil
Thanos has toyed with the Avengers long enough'time to do away with them and get to controlling the entire universe!
Can Earth's Mightiest Heroes make a final stand and save EVERYTHING'or is it Thanos Triumphant? 32 PGS./Rated A '$2.99 The war against the abominable Cancerverse reaches its climax. Only Thanos can decide the fate of two universes, but what choice will he make? The "new" Avengers have trekked across the stars to stop Thanos...and after being cramped in a space-trailer with Spider-Man and Doctor Doom, the Hulk wants one thing and one thing only: TO SMASH RAISIN CHIN MAN!!! But he better watch out, because Thanos will leave an infinity gauntlet-shaped imprint in the Hulk's jade jaws if he tries to mess with the mad titan's plans of cosmic domination!
Rated A ...$2.99 Thanos is outnumbered and outgunned by the Cancerverse forces, and his unlikely allies-Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and the other brave misfits-find themselves making a last stand to save the galaxy's #1 villain! FILLLLLLHERRRUPPPP!!!! Half of Earth's super heroes have vanished, and an all-new team of Avengers have assembled to find them. Ms. Marvel! Wolverine! Spider-Man! Dr. Doom!...wait, wha-HUH!? But faster than you can say "BACK STAB" the team rockets into space to save their lost teammates. But first things first: they're going to need gas. Space gas. Only one man can help: the meanest mother trucker in the galaxy, US ACE! So pop a squat at the Star Stop In the Cancerverse itself, Star-Lord's rag-tag team learns whether attempting to make a deal with Thanos was the smartest choice they ever made or the worst decision of their entire lives! The evil THANOS has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? THE AVENGERS! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)!
Rated A ...$2.99 As the staggering consequences of the Cancerverse's invasion become apparent, Star-Lord and his battered band of heroes fight to protect Thanos, who has actually become the universe's only hope! A rival universe where life is the ultimate curse is gouging into our own! Even the great abstract figures of creation like Oblivion and Eternity have taken up arms! What possible significance can Star-Lord and his band of misfit heroes hope to have? The THANOS SOURCEBOOK is an ideal primer for any reader of the latest saga to rock the cosmos! Featuring biographies on Marvel's intergalactic cast of characters - as written by Earth's Richard Rider, the Nova Prime! Nova, The Silver Surfer, Quasar, Gladiator and more of the greatest cosmic champions of the Marvel Universal line up to stop creatures from beyond The Fault, but it could be more than even they can handle. Thanos is back! On one side you have the Marvel Universe's #1 threat! On the other: a dark new force determined to obliterate everyone! In the middle are the outnumbered and battle-hardened heroes that stand between us and complete decimation! Death, life and resurrection...Annihilus is back and hungry for revenge!
Prime Elements part four: The Cult of the Negative Zone!
Rated T He's back...Thanos! How did he return? Why is he back? And what does the appearance of the galaxy's #1 threat mean for our rag-tag band of universal protectors? REALM OF KINGS. The universe faces one of its greatest evils - and no one can see it coming! The Magus, the shadow-half of Adam Warlock, is not dead after all...and only a small and hapless band of heroes can stop him! He's back and better than ever - the hero that wouldn't die, Captain Marvel! After a few years in hiatus, mighty Marvel's space-born super hero returned, and under the aegis of writer/artist Jim Starlin, his story would achieve a scale never before imagined!  Stripping the Kree Captain down to his very core and forcing him through a gauntlet of past opponents, Starlin then brought to the fore one of Marvel's pre-eminent cosmic menaces for the very first time: the mad Titan, Thanos. With the stage set and the players from unearthly entity Eon to Drax the Destroyer and the mighty Avengers pulled into fray, the good Captain led the fight against Thanos and his Cosmic Cube in a confrontation that would redefine super-hero epics forever!  Featuring an introduction by Jim Starlin and an extensive selection of bonuses, this Marvel Masterworks volume is the definitive collection of the creative arc that defined Captain Marvel!  Collecting CAPTAIN MARVEL #22-33 and IRON MAN #55.<br>Rated A ...$54.99 <br> The epic, visionary EARTH X saga concludes.  Will the Heroes of Earth be able to solve the problems of the Paradise they helped create? Will their quest for a new Death entity succeed so the pain and suffering of the world's population ceases? Collecting PARADISE X #6-12,  RAGNAROK, DEVILS, A, X.<br><br>352 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99 <br><br>ISBN: 0-7851-2416-0 <br><br><br> In EARTH X, Captain America, the Fantastic Four, Thor, the Hulk and the X-Men discovered that their purpose - and the meaning of all super heroes and mutated people in the universe - was nothing more than to protect their host planet, in this case Earth, from outside invasion. They learned super heroes are merely biological antibodies to protect a growing embryo within the Earth. An embryo for the Celestial race: This is the way these Gods fought back - only to cause a terrible ecological imbalance, a rift at its core that in time would wipe out all life on the planet. In UNIVERSE X, Captain Marvel was reborn on Earth years after his death. But he also still claimed to walk in the realm of the unliving, where Earth's fallen champions still exist. Mar-Vell led a team of heroes in a quest for the greatest weapons of mass destruction on Earth, suggesting this would limit the destruction caused by the growing power struggle on the planet. But this was not the only reason. For his crusade on Earth only supported and armed a battle he fought in the realm of the fallen, a battle against Death herself. Those living champions who died in his collection of artifacts were added to the battle raging in this other realm. Mar-Vell led a charge against Death and killed her. But now that Death is dead, no one will ever die again. They may writhe in pain in hospitals because their bodies have been broken beyond repair, but they will not die. They will call out for an end to their suffering. They will cry out for peace but there will be no answer. Paradise will be denied them. Yes. Death is truly dead. Long live the living. Collecting PARADISE X #0-5, PARADISE X: XEN and HERALDS #1-3.<br>304 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99<br>ISBN: 0-7851-2415-2<br> She-Hulk's firm is dealing with their first superhuman sexual assault case. Their client? Eros of Titan, the space-faring Avenger called Starfox! And when emotions get over-heated at the office, expect a love triangle or two to finally come to a head! What will this mean for Pug, She-Hulk and John Jameson? Who (or what) is Awesome Andy falling for?! And what will be the final fate of Starfox? Will he face ruin or redemption? One way or another, the case against the fallen Avenger ends on the moon of Titan! Plus: Civil War threatens the rights of every American super hero. So whose side will Marvel's top superhuman lawyer fight for? And how can she possibly choose, when she feels one way as She-Hulk, and another as Jen Walters? Collecting SHE-HULK #6-13.<br>192 PGS./Rated T+ ...$19.99<br> Left behind, can Drax survive... Thanos takes action... and Nova sets course on a suicide mission. Remember the Titans? <br>Inside the mind of THANOS, SHE-HULK and MOONDRAGON learn a secret so dark, so disturbing, that it will forever change the way you see the Titans! This is it, gamma-fans. One way or another, the case against STARFOX ends here! Will he face ruin or redemption? All this-and a two-fisted throwdown between everyone's favorite Emerald Amazon(Yay!) and the Mad Titan (Boo!)! <br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The United Front led by NOVA, RONAN and DRAX have held, but only just. ANNIHILUS' forces have been fought to a standstill. But can any defense withstand the devastating attack of RAVENOUS and the CENTURIONS? Get caught up on all of the players in the Annihilation event - just in time for this month's ANNIHILATION #1! Featuring Annihilus, Nova, Ronan, the Silver Surfer, the Super-Skrull, Thanos and more - all from the Xandarian Worldmind files of the Nova Corps!<br>48 PGS NO ADS/Rated A ...$3.99<br> It all comes to a head in this issue as the Surfer confronts the sins of his past and, more importantly, determines his future path.  Whatever you were expecting, we guarantee, this wasn't it.  It's a whole new, senses staggering chapter in the Surfer's ongoing saga!<br>Interlocking cover with all three other ANNIHILATION covers! <br>Guest starring FIRELORD, GALACTUS, and THANOS!<br>32 PGS./Rated A ...$2.99<br> GUEST STARRING THANOS!<br>GUEST STARRING GALACTUS!<br>Can even the combined might of the ex-heralds of Galactus stand against an all out assault by the Annihilation Wave?  It gets worse.  Thanos, the near omnipotent mad Titan, commands the Annihilation wave assault.  It gets EVEN worse. With the heralds otherwise occupied, a shocking character moves to strike at Galactus!  You don't want to miss this one!  No.  Really.  You don't.<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The ex-heralds of Galactus unite to combat a common foe.  But can even the combined powers of the Silver Surfer, Firelord, Terrax and Red Shift stand against the Annihilation Wave and it's mad master?  And what dark ambition motivates Thanos to strike a dark alliance with the invading force?<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> ANNIHILATION continues here!<br><br>The Annihilation Wave has targeted the ex-heralds of Galactus. Hunted by beings every bit as powerful as himself, the Silver Surfer must find a way to unite Galactus' ex-heralds against a common foe!<br><br>But, can even the united cosmic might of those who served Galactus stand against these powerful beings called Seekers!?<br><br>Guest starring: FIRELORD and GABRIEL THE AIR WALKER. <br>And introducing RAVENOUS!<br><br><br>32 PGS./Rated T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> This is it! 48 pages of cosmic guts and glory! If you want to see your favorite cosmic level heroes and villains, you dare not miss ANNIHIALTION: PROLOGUE! This 48 page (NO ADS!) book is written by Keith Giffen (DRAX THE DESTROYER, THANOS), and features the stunning art of Scott Kolins & Ariel Olivetti. This is the book to read for the NEXT YEAR'S worth of cosmic stories! Get in on the ground floor as Marvel raises these great characters from the ashes!<br>Heroes will die. Villains and heroes will form allegiances. Empires will fall.<br>FEATURING: NOVA, SILVER SURFER, THANOS, DRAX THE DESTROYER, RONAN THE ACCUSER, AND THE SUPER-SKRULL! <br>Retailers take note: this issue kicks off a cosmic event starting in April! <br>48 PGS (NO ADS)/T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$3.99<br> The death of Drax and we're not kidding.  Not a crossover stunt, not a sales gimmick, not a hackneyed plot device.  In this issue Drax dies... bites the big one... shuffles off the ol' mortal coil... You get the picture.  And wait till you see who lands the death blow!<br><br>32 PGS./T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> At the very edge of existence, Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to re-evaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them. Meanwhile, a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized forms a Super Posse to bag the Mad Titan once and for all! It's Thanos, the mad Titan, versus the Fallen One, first herald to world-devouring Galactus and grade A prime interstellar sociopath, as we wind up our first year with a cosmic melee that's sure to be talked about for years to come. Like it would kill you to buy one for a friend? The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning tale woven by his creator, Jim Starlin (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals -- and what hidden desires now pull at his heart and mind? Collects THANOS #1-6. In the aftermath of Thanos' battle with the Beyonder, the damage to the Kyln prison shorts out a vital power link, allowing one of the Kyln's most dangerous prisoners its freedom: the fallen one, first herald to Galactus, a cosmic-powered sociopath looking to even an old score with its former master! It's Thanos vs. the Maker (a.k.a. Cosmos, a.k.a. the Beyonder, a.k.a. Skippy the Wonder Weasel) in a no-holds-barred, cosmic brawl that answers the oft-asked question: Quisp or Quake? In part 3 of Giffen & Lim's first story arc, Thanos makes his manipulative presence felt in the depths of the intergalactic maximum-security penitentiary Omega Core - while a Super Posse is formed by a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized to bag him once and for all! <br>32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99<br> At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! The planet-shaking conclusion of the Thanos/Galactus/Hunger conflict! 
If the Titan goes down, he's going down fighting!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)<br>Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.<br>32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)
Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.
32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) Thanos attacks Galactus in the only reasonable way possible: a psychic assault. Guest-starring Moondragon.
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 For what cosmic reason does Thanos seek a confrontation with the planet-devourer Galactus? And must Adam Warlock oppose him, or aid him?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning new ongoing series by his creator, JIM STARLIN (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). 
He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals ... and what hidden desires pull at his heart and mind now?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Thanos is the only person who can save the universe. But will he? The universe is unraveling, and Thanos is holding the threads. Will he mend the fabric of reality? The most powerful beings in the universe must decide how to deal with the nigh-omnipotent Thanos. Thanos's power is escalating to Celestial-level heights. Will he be corrupted further by his new might? With almost all of the world's heroes dead, it's up to Thanos of Titan to save the world. When an ancient Pharaoh is granted godlike abilities, he sets out to conquer the universe! Can the heroes of the Marvel Universe stop him before it's too late? Mephisto's grand plan stands revealed! Find out how and why he has been manipulating the minds of Thanos, Nighthawk, Gargoyle and Dr. Doom.
 Creel is whole! Now, the monster that destroyed the Avengers is back with a vengeance! Meanwhile, in the land of the dead, the heroes have made their way to Death, Thanos, and Mephisto.
 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 4 (of 4)
He made the universe, and he might just unmake it. Marv's insanity has reached critical mass, and it's going to take the combined efforts of Rick Jones, Marv's mom, the Skrull, the Shi'ar, the Kree, and the new Captain Marvel herself to rein him in. 
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 3 (of 4)
THE DEBUT OF THE NEW ... CAPTAIN MARVEL?!
There's a new sheriff in town, and man is she pissed! Marv goes home to Titan and finds a ghost town ... and a new Captain Marvel ready to take his mantle, whether he wants to give it up or not.  
The series changes right here!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Immortus' mutant battalion has arrived at Castle Doom! Can Reed Richards hold the horde off? Meanwhile, Thor, Captain Marvel, the Hulk, and the X-Men confront the Supreme Intelligence.
 While Moonknight battles the Assasins of Set-Thor, Captain Mar-Vell, the Hulk, and the X-Men are all mysteriously teleported to Egypt to watch the furious engagement! Plus, the final stand of the Fantastic Four.
 Captain America and Captain Mar-Vell head to both the Savage Land and Limbo in an effort to locate the power sources of Earth X. It's the two Captains versus Space Phantoms, Dire Wraiths, and the demon called Belasco!
 Reed Richards thought that Galactus was defeated. He thought the Celestials were gone. He was wrong. Now, the heroes of the Marvel Universe await an unspeakable evil to befall them all. And it starts with the rebirth of Captain Mar-Vell.
 Freshly infused with energy from newly acquired armaments, Thor engages in a final showdown with Thanos! Thor, alongside Firelord and the Recorder, battle Thanos and Mangog! Thor, Firelord, and the Recorder head to stop Thanos and Mangog. But it may already be too late! It's Thor versus Thanos in a battle for the future! Thor makes a terrible discovery when he travels to Asgard to seek the council of the gods. Is it the origin of T-Ray, or the origin of Deadpool? Is Deadpool T-Ray? Is T-Ray Wade Wilson? Those questions and more are asked as we glimpse the events that lead to Mercedes Wilson's death from T-Ray's point of view!
 Ka-Zar takes home field advantage against Thanos in the SAVAGE LAND! The Plunderer teams up with perhaps the most dangerous Marvel villain…Ka-Zar takes on a mission far from his wheelhouse when he does battle with Thanos! The mighty powerful Thanos faces Ka-Zar! Thanos has assembled the mightiest cosmic warriors for this very moment- the destruction of Tyrant, the most powerful being in the galaxy! But will Terrax, Jack, Ganymede and Legacy object to being Thanos’ pawns? And when Thanos takes on Tyrant alone, will the Titan walk away victorious? Will he walk away at all? The explosive conclusion to Cosmic Powers! Tyrant attempts mind control over Morg, a devoted herald of Galactus. Will Morg find himself with a new master…and the Power Cosmic? Ganymede agrees to help Thanos in his takedown of Tyrant. But Jack of Hearts and Legacy have tracked down Ganymede- straight into Tyrant’s fortress! Legacy is intent on destroying Nitro, the villain responsible for killing his father, Captain Marvel. What follows is a worthy battle of galactic proportion! But will Legacy be able to take Nitro’s life? Ganymede of the Spinsterhood may be the key to defeating Tyrant. But will Terrax and Thanos be able to strike an alliance? Jack of Hearts finds himself falling for Ganymede, but her vows prevent love from taking hold. Will the two say no to Thanos…and live? Silver Surfer and Legacy must pacify the monks of the Oracle’s monastery. Will Thanos ever return what is not rightfully his? No chance! The battle for all-encompassing knowledge just got heated. Has Thanos found a comrade in arms with Terrax? The warrior from Lanlak certainly shares a bloodlust with the mad Titan, especially for Tyrant, Galactus’ android. This could be the beginning of Marvel’s most dangerous alliance yet! Thanos takes extreme measures to relieve his boredom- measures that involve mass murder! The cosmos tremble as the tyrant searches for a worthy combatant. Enter the cosmic playing field of Marvel’s mightiest galactic heroes! Who will be able to stop the Mad Titan? The Watch vs. Thanos! Meanwhile, Odin does his best to cure Thor of his insanity, but his efforts prove in vain. Will Thor's mind be restored with the help of...Thanos?! Thanos assembles an elite team of cosmic villains to acquire the Oracle of Ancient Knowledge! Featuring Geatar, Rhino, Nitro, and Super-Skrull! Thor’s coming for Thanos...! But Silver Surfer and the Mind Valkyrie know how outmatched the Thunder God might be, so they rush to Thanos’ ship before any serious harm is done! It's time for the next wave of Secret Defenders to enter the fray! NORTHSTAR, and his blinding speed! NOVA, and his cosmic power! THE INCREDIBLE HULK, and his smashing strength! Together with Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, these heroes will face the worst villain in all of the Marvel Universe - THANOS, the Mad Titan! The conclusion is here! One by one, stars in the Milky Way galaxy have begun to explode. Can the heroes save the universe? What role will Thanos come to play in the final act? After teaming up with Drax The Destroyer to fight Thor, The Hulk is abandoned and left to drift in space above Paradise Omega. Can the Jade Giant make it back to the surface in time to join the action? Mephisto knows how to use the Cosmic Cubes in ways no one was meant to use them. His price for the information: a Cosmic Cube once the Goddess is defeated. His customers? Thanos and Adam Warlock! Earth's gathered champions are rocketing toward Paradise Omega, home of Adam Warlock's virtuous female doppleganger, the Goddess. Has she been slain? What is next for the heroes? Adam Warlock must search for answers within while he does battle with his greatest enemy...himself! Magus triumphant!  Who will win the Infinity War...and at what price? The Magus is now in possession of a fully functioning Infinity Gauntlet.  What chance do Adam Warlock and the Marvel heroes have now? The Marvel heroes are fighting a war on two fronts while the Magus schemes his way to total domination. Is the only way to save the universe...the Infinity Gauntlet?! Magus's plan for domination hits a deadly new level.  And when the heroes track down the cause of the mayhem, they come face to face with Thanos and Warlock and the Infinity Watch.  Fight! The evil dopplegangers infiltration of the Marvel heroes has led to mistrust and infighting...and things get worse when a Gamma bomb is detonated! When evil dopplegangers of the Marvel heroes appear, it's all-out war!  Why has Magus unleashed them on an unsuspecting world? And is the heroes only hope...Thanos?! Nebula has the Infinity Gauntlet -- and, in the most shocking twist yet,
Thanos now stands with Earth's heroes to defeat her! Can one being
possibly contain all that power? And if not Thanos, then who? With a
shock ending that'll leave you begging for more! After a chemical accident, Spider-Man’s consciousness is separated from his body and he enters an alternate plane where Death herself lies in wait! Not to mention Thanos is there too, in possession of the Infinity Gauntlet!
 SILVER SURFER VS. THANOS! Doctor Strange convinces the Surfer to engage in a duel of combat with Thanos in order to crush Nebula's ascension. Galactus! The Celestials! The Stranger! Master Order and Lord Chaos! The
all-powerful entities of the universe have united to stand against
Thanos -- and they don't stand a chance! Can the remnants of Earth's
heroes succeed where the gods have failed? And the captive Nebula has
her eyes on that Gauntlet... REAL LIFE OR FANTASY? Surfer is banished to an alternate dimension where he is forced to face his darkest fears and failures. Wolverine, broken! The Scarlet Witch, incinerated! She-Hulk and Namor,
buried alive! The Vision, ripped apart! Thor, shattered! Iron Man,
beheaded! Cyclops, suffocated! When Earth's heroes attack, Thanos takes
the kid gloves off -- but leaves the god-making Infinity Gauntlet on! The Silver Surfer's stripped of his Power Cosmic and is forced to kill himself…in an alternate reality! Thanos creates the planet of Necronos and sacrifices millions to death! ANIMALS ON THE LOOSE! Before his battle with Thanos, Silver Surfer must help Rhino who has realized that releasing Central Park Zoo's animals does more harm than good. Infinity Gauntlet crossover! Empowered by the Gauntlet, Thanos brings four Quantum-Band wielders back to life! Eon’s remains are scattered over Earth. Thanos summons Doctor Strange into a time warp where the Sorcerer Supreme must fight for his life!
 To start the day, Thanos wrote his name across the universe in planets.
To finish, he'll stand against the assembled might of Earth's remaining
heroes! Plus: When Mistress Death rejects Thanos again, he creates his
own perfect mate: Meet Terraxia the Terrible! Billions of people across the planet have disappeared; now, the super
humans of Earth scramble to find out what's going on! Featuring Quasar!
Dr. Strange! Dr. Doom! Captain America! Thor! Warlock! Wolverine! Iron
Man! She-Hulk! The Silver Surfer! And more! WHILE A UNIVERSE TREMBLES! Drax has bigger problems to worry about than Firelord when Doctor Strange unites a group of heroes to prepare for a galactic battle with none other than...THANOS! Seeking to impress the Mistress Death, who returned him to life, Thanos
has gained control over the Infinity Gauntlet -- making him an
all-powerful god! With Mephisto as his familiar, Thanos wipes out half
of the life in the universe with a snap of his fingers! What will Earth
do when half its the heroes are killed? Finally in possession of all the Infinity Stones, Thanos turns a stone golem into a powerful war machine. The Silver Surfer races back to Earth to warn the other heroes of Thanos' diabolical master plan. Drax and the Surfer have enough power between them to annihilate small planets, but can they match the awesome force of Thanos when he wields all of the Infinity Stones? Drax the Destroyer and the Silver Surfer partner up to defeat Thanos -- for real this time. Thing and Starhawk track Moondragon and Her to the High Evolutionary's Counter-Earth. There they clash over the absconded Alicia Masters. A mysterious celestial being called Her is after Adam Warlock, and thinks that Alicia Masters is the key to finding him. Thing must team up with Starhawk in order to save her! Spider-Man and Thing find themselves on board Thanos’s ship and besieged by his legions. Meanwhile, Adam Warlock reunites with Gamora and Pip the Troll within the Soul Gem. Collects Black Order #1-5.

They are the scourge of the Avengers, the Cull Obsidian — Thanos’ most feared warriors! Now the ruthless Black Order has been dispatched by the Grandmaster to destabilize a burgeoning empire — but as big and as bad as they are, there is always someone bigger and badder. Isn’t that always the way? You go to assassinate an emperor, he turns the tables, and suddenly a very simple mission gets a whole lot more complicated — and the man called Nova shows up to spoil all the fun! As the Black Order suffers a painful and unexpected defeat, their new teammate the Black Swan is presented with a simple choice: stay and risk an ungainly end — or leave and abandon the closest thing she has to a family. Empires, rebellions, spies and sabotage combine in an absolutely unhinged adventure! THANOS IS DEAD! Executed by the deadliest assassin in the galaxy…his daughter, Gamora. But before their relationship came to a bloody end, how did it begin? Find out in this all new miniseries by Tini Howard (MARVEL KNIGHTS 20TH and AGE OF CONAN: BELIT) and Ariel Olivetti (DEATH OF THE INHUMANS)!
 Reprinting Warlock and the Infinity Watch #9 The most ruthless villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage as we celebrate the 80th anniversary of the House of Ideas with the era-spanning MARVEL TALES! This anthology series shines a spotlight on fan-favorite characters, features timeless stories and highlights some of Marvel’s most impressive talent from the past eight decades — and for Thanos, it could only be the cosmic maestro, Jim Starlin! Reprinting the classic tale, written and drawn by Starlin, that first revealed Thanos’ stunning connection to the deadliest woman in the galaxy — Gamora — from WARLOCK (1972) #10! Another Starlin-scripted epic pits the Mad Titan against one of the MU’s greatest evils — the devilish Mephisto — in SILVER SURFER (1987) #45! And Gamora gets the chance to unleash her full fury on her twisted father figure in WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #8!
 COLLECTING: INFINITY WAR 1-6; FANTASTIC FOUR (1961) 366-370; SPIDER-MAN (1990) 24; DEATHLOK (1991) 16; DAREDEVIL (1964) 310; WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH 7-10; DOCTOR STRANGE, SORCERER SUPREME 42-47; SILVER SURFER (1987) 67-69; WONDER MAN (1991) 13-15; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 110-112; SILVER SABLE & THE WILD PACK 4-5; GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (1990) 27-29; QUASAR 37-40; NEW WARRIORS (1990) 27; MARC SPECTOR: MOON KNIGHT 41-44; NOMAD (1992) 7; SLEEPWALKER 18; MATERIAL FROM CAPTAIN AMERICA (1968) 408; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 109; MARVEL COMICS PRESENTS (1988) 108-112. The epic sequel to the Infinity Gauntlet! Adam Warlock's dark half has resurfaced. The Magus is here. And the cosmos shall feel his wrath! As the Magus schemes for ultimate power, an army of evil doppelgangers overwhelms Earth's heroes, Dr. Strange and Galactus seek answers and Thanos enters the fray - alongside the Infinity Watch! Can the Avengers, X-Men and more turn the tide? To defeat the Magus, Eternity must be awakened...and the Infinity Gauntlet reassembled! Collects Marvel Universe: The End #1-6. 

A catastrophic, existence-ending event forces Earth's mightiest heroes and villains to join forces to fend off Armageddon. Led by the demigod Thanos, Earth's superhumans must stand shoulder-to-shoulder to face the most terrifying threat that they've ever encountered: Nothing less than the end of all that ever was! Collecting Infinity #1-6, New Avengers (2013) #7-12, Avengers (2012) #14-23 and Infinity: Against the Tide Infinite Comic #1-2.

Thanos makes his world-shattering return, and his armies fire the opening shots of a galactic war that will be fought both on Earth and in deep space - with our heroes caught between both battles! As the mad Titan's secrets are revealed, the Inhumans' city of Attilan falls, and the members of the Illuminati find themselves on the front line! And as every Origin Site on Earth goes active, the Builders enter the Marvel Universe. But can the Avengers return to Earth in time to save it, when betrayal in the Galactic Council has left them prisoners of war? For the Mad Titan, Thanos, the Infinity Gauntlet was the Holy Grail — the ultimate prize to be coveted above all else. With it came omnipotence: the absolute control of all aspects of time, space, power, reality, mind and soul. But his gaining of supreme might meant the beginning of a black nightmare for the entire universe. Now, on the edge of Armageddon and led by the mysterious Adam Warlock, Earth’s super heroes join in a desperate attempt to thwart this nihilistic god’s insane plunge into galactic self-destruction. Should the heroes fail, the astral gods of the universe wait to step into the fray. But in such an awesome cosmic conflict, will anyone prevail? Will anyone survive? The original Infinity epic is collected alongside a Gauntlet-full collection of behind-the-scenes extras! Collects Cosmic Ghost Rider #1-5. You knew him as the Punisher. Then Frank Castle made a deal with the devil that made him the Ghost Rider. A deal with Galactus made him cosmic. And a deal with Thanos made him…dead?! Not to worry, Castle doesn’t die easy. He’s back — and he’s got a plan to make the universe a better place! It all starts with an idea so simple he can’t believe no one’s ever done it before. But as with all things worth doing, it’s not going to be easy. Castle takes on space sharks, faces down the future Guardians of the Galaxy and runs into Galactus during a bar fight! And don’t forget…baby Thanos?! It’s Frank…er…the Punish…um…Cosmic Ghost Rider in the craziest caper you’ve ever seen! Continuing their popular Art Of series, Marvel Studios presents its biggest achievement yet: Marvel Studios' Avengers: Infinity War! A threat has emerged from the cosmos: Thanos. A ruthless warlord who plans to collect all six Infinity Stones. Joined by his formidable allies, he will be near-unstoppable at achieving his goal. The Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and Spider-Man must join forces and fight side by side to stop Thanos, while the fate of the Earth and the universe lies in the balance. Go behind the scenes with this keepsake volume! Collects Infinity Countdown: Black Widow #1, Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel #1, Infinity Countdown: Champions #1-2, & Infinity Countdown: Daredevil #1. The events of the INFINITY COUNTDOWN are felt all across the Marvel Universe! Carol Danvers has the Reality Stone — and with it meets the Captain Marvels of many worlds! Daredevil battles to keep Hell’s Kitchen safe from the influence of the Mind Stone — now in the most unlikely of hands! The Champions head to space to save the Nova Corps and stop Warbringer — and the young heroes are in for the fight of their lives! And an old friend entrusts the Space Stone into the hands of the Black Widow — but is even the world’s top espionage agent ready to handle cosmic responsibility? Don’t miss this blockbuster companion volume to the explosive event! THANOS WINS...AGAIN! Rising star Donny Cates returns to the Mad Titan to bring the story bridging the gap between his best-selling “Thanos Wins” and the worldshattering INFINITY WARS! How did Thanos’ journey back from the future lead to the events of INFINITY WARS PRIME? Now it can be told! COSMIC GHOST RIDER VS. THE FUTURE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY FOR THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE! ’NUFF SAID! CHAMPIONS…OF THE CHITAURI? Nova and the Champions fighting for Thanos? Strange allies abound and sacrifices will be made...One of these young heroes is about to lose everything. Collects Silver Surfer (1987) #39-50, Annual #3; Thanos Quest #1-2 and material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #50. The Mad Titan is on a quest for Death! The Silver Surfer may believe he has killed Thanos, but the terrible truth is that the Mad Titan still lives — and that’s bad news for the Marvel Universe, because Thanos’ great love has sent him on a space-faring search for the Infinity Gems! Meanwhile, the Surfer tackles a deadly life-form and deals with the madness of Dynamo City! But when Thanos returns from his quest, glove on hand and hell-bent for revenge, do the Surfer, Galactus and Drax the Destroyer stand a chance? And whose side will Mephisto be on? Norrin Radd must face his past as events build to a confrontation that sets the stage for the cosmic epic known as INFINITY GAUNTLET! Thanos is likely the most evil being in the universe…and if anyone would know, it’s the all-new Cosmic Ghost Rider. Let the spirit of vengeance be your guide on a tour through the worst of the worst, as he reveals the most heinous deeds ever perpetrated by the Mad Titan…or by anyone else! Reprinting Infinity War (1992) #1! Reprinting Silver Surfer (1987) #34! AT LONG LAST…THANOS WINS! When there is nothing left to kill, Death comes…to the one who loves her most – KING THANOS. How will the fantastic saga of Thanos, King Thanos and the Cosmic Ghost Rider end? Reprinting Thanos Rising (2013) #1! Reprinting Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1! Reprinting Iron Man (1968) #55 & material from Logan's Run (1977) #6! Jim Starlin and Alan Davis return in the first volume of a new trilogy! The Mad Titan has everything he ever wanted — but satisfaction is not in Thanos’ vocabulary. When a temporal distortion on Titan draws his attention, he finds the purpose he’s been searching for: saving himself! An old enemy lurks in the far future, and it will take the combined wits of Thanos, his brother Eros and time-travel master Kang the Conqueror to stop it — and save the Multiverse. But there are other players in this cosmic chess game — and Thanos may find himself outmatched! What lies ahead for the so-called Avatar of Death? Reprinting Avengers (1963) #125! Collects Marvel Universe Avengers Assemble Season 2 #2, 11-12, 15-16 and material from #1. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL’S AVENGERS ASSEMBLE SEASON TWO! The Avengers face the machinations of the Mad Titan himself — Thanos! And you know he must be bad when even the Red Skull is fleeing from him! Thanos seeks the cosmic Power Stone — but will the robotic Arsenal, built by Tony Stark’s father, help keep it out of the Titan’s grasp? Thanos has targeted all the Stones necessary to form the Infinity Gauntlet — and if he succeeds, he’ll have ultimate power in the palm of his hand! Black Widow has a plan to save the universe — but it will take all of the Avengers to pull it off! Captain America and Iron Man don’t see eye-to-eye, but can they put aside their differences in time to come together for the final battle to save everything? Collects Marvel’s Avengers: Infinity War Prelude #1-2, Infinity #1 And Thanos Annual #1. When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, Captain America and the Winter Soldier go rogue to find him — but Iron Man isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, Falcon and Black Widow are headed next — because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. Get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for 2018’s biggest blockbuster with this special prelude! Plus, with the Avengers distracted, see Thanos seize his opportunity to strike at Earth in the first chapter of Jonathan Hickman’s epic Infinity! Delve into the Mad Titan’s past as he joins himself on a time-bending journey of discovery — one that sets the stage for his next cosmic odyssey! THE SURFER STRIKES! Thanos and his future self take on the most powerful opposition to his reign left in the universe – Norrin Radd. Can even two Thanoses crack his Cosmic Shell? Collects Thanos (2016) #13-18 And Thanos Annual (2018) #1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words: “Thanos wins.” And now, it looks as though that disturbing thought is about to become a horrific reality! See what happens when the Mad Titan gets his way! Thanos journeys to the end of time and his moment of complete victory…and still isn’t happy with what he sees. Witness the Mad Titan’s greatest glory — and ultimate shame! And no matter what form Thanos’ victory takes, is there any way that anyone — or anything — can possibly survive? Featuring the Silver Surfer and introducing the all-new cosmic Spirit of Vengeance, Ghost Rider! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #60-66, Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme #36, Warlock and the Infinity Watch #1-6; material from Silver Surfer Annual #5! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #34-38, #40, #44-50; Thanos Quest #1-2! Collects Avengers & the Infinity Gauntlet #1-4, Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1. Thanos, scourge of the cosmos, has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. With the power of the gems, he destroyed half the population of all worlds, including many of the Avengers and half the Fantastic Four. The only force standing in his way is what's left of the Avengers. But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains--including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Ms. Marvel and Doctor Doom--overpower the unstoppable? Plus: See where the saga began in the classic Infinity Gauntlet #1. Collects Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1-6. The Mad Titan Thanos has seized control of Infinity Gauntlet and with it near-omnipotent power! Who can stop this deadly new overlord? All of Marvel's top heroes star in this epic of cosmic proportions! The secret origins of King Thanos’ right-hand man, the cosmic spirit of vengeance, Ghost Rider! Just who IS this madman and how did he become allies with the most evil man in the Universe? THE THREAT FROM ABOVE! As a Master of the Mystic Arts, DOCTOR STEPHEN STRANGE has witnessed many unusual things…but none so powerful and potentially Universe-threatening as the existence of the INFINITY STONES! Don’t miss a detail of the galaxy-spanning story featuring IRON MAN, THOR, CAPTAIN AMERICA, VISION, SCARLET WITCH and more, and make yourself an Infinity Stone expert before this summer’s blockbuster film! The Infinity Stones. Individually, they grant their wielder great power. Together, they grant the power of a god. Newly reformed and scattered throughout the universe, these artifacts allow the ones who claim them their heart’s desire. Now, as their locations are discovered, forces converge for a battle that will begin the universe down a dark path to the END. Jump onto this exciting ride that will lead to the biggest Infinity yet! Plus: The saga of the Infinity Stones—what they are and how they came to be! From creation to destruction to re-creation, this prose primer will tell you everything you need to know about the legendary cosmic gems! When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, CAPTAIN AMERICA and THE WINTER SOLDIER go rogue to find him – but IRON MAN isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, the Falcon and the Black Widow are headed next – because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. And get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR in part 1 of this special prelude! THANOS WINS Part 3. As King Thanos and his Rider prepare to face the coming forces of the Fallen One, he surveys the Universe he’s dominated…just a king and his dog. His big…green…dog… Collects Thanos (2016) #7-12. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before: powerless and alone! He is willing to do anything to survive, even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! And when a threat emerges that’s even worse than the Mad Titan himself, every last one of our lives will depend on the weakened Thanos’ drive to survive! And then there’s the small matter of the God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned — and now, it’s Thanos’ turn to explore its depths. But that’s nothing compared to what’s coming: Earth’s Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! Thanos?! But can the cosmos survive when Thanos and his son, Thane, come face-to-face in their violent and universe-shaking climactic battle? Thanos has journeyed to the end of time to the moment of his complete victory…and he’s not happy with what he sees! Writer Donny Cates and artist Geoff Shaw (God Country) continue the tale of the Mad Titan’s greatest glory and ultimate shame! THANOS WINS Part 1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words… THANOS WINS. Now… see what happens when he does.PLUS: Includes 3 bonus MARVEL PRIMER PAGES! The Guardians meet their match as Thanos’ plan to retrieve an ancient artifact finally comes to fruition! But what is the Eternity Forge – and how will the Mad Titan use it to ravage the galaxy? Will Groot throw over Rocket for Cosmo the Spacedog as his new best friend? This is the most important question, AND YES IT IS TOTALLY POSSIBLE! The spectacular conclusion of Bendis' Avengers era -from falling out with the X-Men to getting to know the Guardians of the Galaxy! When the cosmic Phoenix Force threatens the planet, it's up to Earth's Mightiest Heroes to stop it - but Cyclops and his mutant team have a diff erent plan. This means war! When the dust settles on the devastating AVX confl ict, Tony Stark intercepts a signal that may lead the Avengers into the arms of one of their dearest friends...or their greatest enemies! Plus, an all-star roster assembles alongside the Guardians for a blockbuster showdown with Thanos! The Vision returns! And young hero Nova gets some expert advice on how best to use his newfound powers! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2010) #24.1, #25-34; AVENGERS ASSEMBLE (2012) #1-8; AVENGERS: HEROES WELCOME #1; MATERIAL FROM AVX: VS #6. It all comes to this: The battle between Thanos and his son Thane comes to a violent and universe-shaking climax! A hero returns - and an epic saga begins! Dan Jurgens ushers in one of the greatest eras of Thor - and it begins with the truly blockbuster art of John Romita Jr.! The Thunder God walks the Earth once more, but his new lease on life comes with new enemies - and a new mortal alter ego! Will Thor's comeback be cut short by Dark Gods, the Destroyer and Doctor Doom? Then, on the Eighth Day, the unstoppable Juggernaut will be just the beginning for Thor, Iron Man and Spider-Man! The heavy hitters keep on coming - like Mangog and Thanos! But if Thor is busy saving Midgard, who's protecting Asgard? COLLECTING: THOR (1998) #1-35, ROUGH CUT; SILVER SURFER/THOR ANNUAL 1998; THOR ANNUAL 1999-2000; PETER PARKER: SPIDER-MAN (1999) #2, #11; IRON MAN (1998) #21 (B STORY), #22; JUGGERNAUT: THE EIGHTH DAY. Thanos, depowered. Thane, host of the Phoenix Force. Round Two! RIP Thanos? The Guardians go undercover! In their latest heist, the team must infiltrate Thanos' home planet. Too bad nobody told them the Worshippers of Thanos are on to them! Earth's Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! - THANOS?! Jim Shooter and an unparalleled team of avenging artists -- George Pérez, John Byrne, Jim Starlin and more -- bring you Earth's Mightiest Heroes at their best! This Marvel Masterworks volume is packed with classic encounters staged on a truly massive scale: Jim Starlin's defining Thanos War, Ultron's revenge, the cosmic Korvac Saga -- it's a dizzying array of iconic adventures! Luckily, the Avengers aren't alone as they face these challenges -- they're joined by the Guardians of the Galaxy, the amazing Spider-Man and the ever-lovin' blue-eyed Thing! Also featuring Adam Warlock, Gamora, the Collector, the Lethal Legion, Count Nefaria, a new look for Wonder Man, and the unfolding secret origins of Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch! Collects Avengers (1963) #164-177, Annual (1967) #7, Marvel Two-In-One Annual (1976) #2. CAN GAMORA ESCAPE HER PAST? GAMORA attempts to make amends for her past misdeeds, but finds herself ensnared in a deadly trap set by her evil sister, NEBULA! And when RONAN and the GRANDMASTER join the fray, will Gamora ever be able to rid herself of her past alliances with them? The God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned. Now, it's Thanos' turn. The Merc with a Mouth takes on Marvel's greatest heroes and vilest villains! Everything you knew about Deadpool's first encounter with Cable was wrong - now get the full story! Can X-Force save history from Deadpool? Wade Wilson goes to Infinity and beyond throwing down the gauntlet against the Mad Titan, Thanos! But who will win Death's fair, bony hand? It's the ultimate battle of good-crazy and bad-crazy as Deadpool takes on Carnage - there will be blood! And the regenerating degenerate hangs out with Hawkeye on Halloween - the horror! Plus, Madcap really gets inside Wade's head, and DP helps out his "best bud" Spidey by wearing his webs! Winning friends and influencing people, Deadpool style! Collects Deadpool vs. X-Force #1-4, Deadpool Annual (2013) #1-2, Deadpool vs. Thanos #1-4, Deadpool vs. Carnage #1-4, Hawkeye vs. Deadpool #0-4. Modern visionary Jonathan Hickman begins his Marvel magnum opus! As threats to Earth mount, the Avengers expand! And while Iron Man and Captain America assemble their Avengers World and strive to decipher the meaning of the White Event, Tony Stark secretly tries to solve the biggest crisis of all, along with his influential allies, the Illuminati! While they seek to prevent the collapse of reality itself, the Avengers face a war on two fronts! Protecting Earth from the Builders may only hand it to...Thanos! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2012) #1-23, NEW AVENGERS (2013) #1-12, FREE COMIC BOOK DAY 2013: INFINITY #1, INFINITY #1-6, INFINITY: AGAINST THE TIDE INFINITE COMIC #1-2, ASTONISHING TALES: MOJOWORLD #1-6, MATERIAL FROM SHANG-CHI: MASTER OF KUNG FU (2009) #1. SPARTAX WAR – PART TWO! THANOS has come to SPARTAX and now the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY must unite with THOR and his all-star guard in order to save PETER QUILL! A threat worse than Thanos. Let that sink in. Worse…than the Mad Titan himself. That's why we need Thanos. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before…powerless and alone! Thanos is willing to do anything to survive...even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! To Infinity and beyond! Follow the sentinel of the spaceways into a Marvel Universe-spanning cosmic extravaganza against the Mad Titan Thanos - who wears the Infinity Gauntlet! Drax battles Firelord, the Surfer fights the Rhino and Thanos forces Norrin to get introspective! But is this dimension big enough for the ultimate duel between the Silver Surfer and the Mad Titan? When the dust settles on Earth, the Surfer heads back into space, only to face Midnight, the Inhumans and the Collector! But how will that lead to him coming face to face with...Captain Mar-Vell? Plus, the Surfer faces the undead, joins Mr. Fantastic on an emergency mission, and takes on the Guardians of the Galaxy in the 26th century! And Nova goes solo! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #51-66, Annual #4; material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #69, 93-97. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL'S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY The stars of 2017's most cosmic sequel in highly animated adventures! After a distracting run-in with Ronan, the Guardians just want to get back on track and find the Cosmic Seed before Thanos gets his hands on it! But a chance encounter with Thor will throw the group way off track! Can they ever find their way back, or will the Son of Odin bring their journey to an end? Meanwhile, Star-Lord deals with daddy issues - and his daddy is the head of a galactic empire! Will Peter Quill end up triggering an Asgard/Spartax war? Never mind Groot - we are the World Tree! Plus: Discover the Guardians' origins. Collecting Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015B) #17-19 and material from Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015A) #1-4. Blast off with Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket Raccoon and Groot as they head for the stars and right into an all-new ongoing series! Creators Gerry Duggan, Aaron Kuder and Ive Svorcina bring you over-the-top action and out-of-this-world adventure as the stage is set for May's highly anticipated All-New Guardians of the Galaxy #1! As this unlikely band of misfits returns to outer space once more, nothing will prepare them for their first run in with the new Nova Corps! Thanos’ misfortunes come to a head. Thane’s plans come to fruition. Time for a father-son reunion. Brian Michael Bendis’ last issue! It’s all built to this! GROUNDED comes to a conclusion with this double-sized blockbuster as Brian Michael Bendis wraps up his epic run on GUARDIANS! With the team stuck on Earth and scattered to the winds, could the only thing to bring them together truly be…THANOS? Featuring art by series artist Valerio Schiti and special guest artists to celebrate the end of an era! Follow the fateful saga of the Avenger named Mantis - a tale three decades in the telling! It all begins with the revelations of the Star-Stalker, and soon drags Earth's Mightiest Heroes into a cosmic clash between Captain Marvel and Thanos! But when Kang comes to the present day in search of the Celestial Madonna, Mantis' life is forever altered! In one of the greatest Avengers epics ever told, the besotted Swordsman will go to great lengths to save the woman he loves. Wedding bells will chime, and Mantis will embrace her destiny! Collects Avengers (1963) #123-125, #129-135; Giant-Size Avengers #2-4; Avengers: Celestial Quest #1-8. In the wake of the two Annihilation events, Star-Lord recruited Rocket and Groot to Guard the Galaxy - but what were the three unlikely heroes doing in the years before they came together? Find out in this catch-up on their pre-Annihilation adventures! When She-Hulk is caught in a cosmic caper, she finds Rocket Raccoon - transformed into a stone statue! What happened, and can Shulkie find a way to de-petrify him? Meanwhile, an imprisoned Peter Quill joins Adam Warlock, Pip the Troll and Gladiator as uneasy allies of...a redemption-seeking Thanos! Collects Sensational She-Hulk (1989) #44-46; Thanos (2003) #7-12; Marvel Monsters: Monsters on the Prowl; Nick Fury's Howling Commandos #1-6, 1 Director's Cut. You can cage Thanos. You can lock Thanos away. But you won’t keep him long. Thanos has only one living child – Thane. He murdered all his other offspring. But he didn’t leave Thane alive out of love. A new life for the Mad Titan! Thanos's pursuit of the Infinity Gems has always defined him. But when the Marvel heroes defeat him once again, Thanos's beloved Mistress Death grants him one fi nal chance. Stripped of his powers and his old skin, Thanos embarks on a cosmic walkabout to reassert his power over himself and the Multiverse. This all-new, original tale explores the inner life of one of the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe. Haunted by family - or the semblances of it - the Mad Titan may become something else entirely. Will he maintain his illusions of grandeur, or is this a new path for a lost god? Thanos takes on the Imperial Guard. The entire Imperial Guard. They’re gonna need more guardsmen. Thanos is pure evil. Thanos is unstoppable. It's time to take him down. EVIL HAS BEEN UNLEASHED ON THE UNIVERSE. Thanos, possibly the most evil individual in the Marvel Universe, is back…and he’s out for vengeance on all who would oppose him. Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he’s also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, following the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…THANOS! CIVIL WAR II TIE-IN! The Ultimates are at war – with each other! Can they solve their problems and come together in time to face the real threat...or will Thanos and his new acolyte destroy them all? She's come to stop crime across the globe and bring peace to the universe. Captain America and Spider-Man are on her side; Thanos and Mephisto stand against her. So how can she be the bad guy? Jim Starlin's 1990s cosmic collection culminates when the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, the Avengers, the Infinity Watch, the New Warriors and most other super-hero teams of the time are split by a universal crisis...of faith! Also featuring the Mole Man, the Absorbing Man and other classic characters! Collecting INFINITY CRUSADE #1-3, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #1-3 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #18-19.<br>All Ages ...$29.99<br> Thanos, possibly the most diabolical individual in the Marvel Universe, is back — and he's out for vengeance on all who would oppose him! Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he's also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, and follow the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…Thanos! He is pure evil. He is unstoppable. And it's time for someone — anyone — to take him down. Collects Thanos #1-6. Thanos has come to Earth. It’s the Ultimates’ job to stop him. And they won’t be enough. And even if they win this battle -- will the ultimate superteam survive the cost of victory? Plus: the origin of the Ultimates... and of their greatest enemy! ON THE ROAD TO CIVIL WAR II!
The Ultimates deal with the fallout from their journey Outside - and the return of the Anti-man! Meanwhile, Project: Pegasus holds the key to humanity's survival... or destruction...and THANOS is coming for it! After Revelation and Relativity comes a grand Finale! Desperate times called for mad measures. Facing checkmate in his latest grand game of cosmic chess, Thanos took himself off the board - violently. Yet for the paramour of Death, oblivion is so often temporary. Now the Titan is back -- but the galaxy has been ravaged in his absence. Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, is stronger than ever and harnessing the godlike power of Adam Warlock to wage genocide across the posiverse. Only a handful of heroes, and one or two villains, still stand. Will those few that remain choose between two evils and ally themselves with Thanos? They would form one of the mightiest assemblages ever witnessed. But even that may not be enough to avert the total annihilation of everything there is. And this time, the obliteration of all time and space may truly be the end. Builder and destroyer of universes Jim Starlin (Infinity Gauntlet) presents an epic conclusion to his new Infinity trilogy, featuring art by Ron Lim! Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, makes a renewed assault on the positive universe, searching for a source of infinite power. To stop him, a fragile alliance of cosmic protectors forms. The Guardians of the Galaxy. Gladiator, Majestor of the Shi'ar. And Adam Warlock - whose complex cycle of death and rebirth has left him more confused than ever about his true nature. With Adam reunited with his Infinity Watch comrades Gamora, Drax and Pip the Troll - and joined by newer friends like Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and Groot - they hold the potential to end Annihilus' threat once and for all...if only they knew how! But the answer lies in the dark mind of another. A Titan, whom some would hold as mad. Could the fate of everything rest in the hands of...Thanos? Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin's The heroes return from Hala only to find the entire planet of Spartax in grave danger! Kitty unlocks the one thing which may leads towards the destruction of the Black Vortex. But will it be in time? And just when things could get any more dire, enter The Brood! The 3rd chapter of the BLACK VORTEX!
With a schism forming within the assembled heroes, the youngest among them face the temptation of immeasurable power.
Sometimes those with great power shirk their responsibility to use it for good, though.
And with Knife and his new business partner looking to take back the Black Vortex, the group may have left themselves defenseless. Couples fight. We all know they do. Especially when one half of the couple is Peter Quill. You know what we find often helps a rough patch? Space mischief and scoundreling! That's a word, right? Of course, it can also distract you from the whole...guarding the galaxy thing. Relationships, am I right? Peter comes face-to-face with Mr. Knife! And you won't believe who's behind that snazzy mask. And all this craziness seems to have put a little strain on Peter and Kitty's relationship. You know what'll fix that right up? SPACE DATE! Or rather...SPACE PRISON BREAK! Peter Quill, what a catch. Peter desperately attempts to keep a phone date with Kitty while simultaneously getting wrapped up with Mister Knife and his crew! - STAR-LORD UNLEASHED! All these basic busters out in space are about to get a taste of their own medicine, Peter Quill-style! - MISTER KNIFE steps from the shadows...this guy is drag city. - WHAT is the mysterious Black Vortex? (It's not a band, it's an ancient cosmic artifact that is gonna cause big trouble.) - Dude, space is awesome, but the ice cream up here suuuuucks. - The FINAL CHAPTER of what really happened in the Cancerverse!
- Remember when Star-Lord and Nova were going to sacrifice their lives to take out Thanos?
- And remember how Drax was supposed to have died?
- Well, Nova seems to be the only one missing now. Time to get some answers here! - The battle to end all battles--Star-Lord vs. Thanos!
- As Peter Quill attempts to return to Earth, he encounters the all-powerful Titan responsible for so much mayhem in his life.
- How can Star-Lord possibly get out of this alive?!
- Plus, a guest appearance by Kitty Pryde! Last we checked, Star-Lord, Thanos, and Nova were trapped in the Cancerverse...But Star-Lord and Thanos seem to be running around just fine. So what exactly happened to Richard Rider? Original Sin Tie-In! You know you want to know how Star-Lord got back from the Cancerverse. And didn't Nova go in there with him? Guess he's not into the whole "no man left behind" thing. There is an imbalance in the universe. And since his latest return from oblivion, Thanos himself feels...incomplete. Now, the so-called Mad Titan would put both wrongs right. The revelatory waters of the Infinity Well lead Thanos on a new quest, with a once-sworn enemy at his side. A crusade that will bring confrontation with the Silver Surfer and the galaxy's mightiest heroes, the Annihilators. An odyssey that will change everything. Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin returns to his signature character in a tale of death and rebirth that will transform the Marvel Universe once more! - Jim Starlin returns to Thanos, and he's brought INFINITY GAUNTLET artist Ron Lim with him!
- Thanos must face Mephisto, his future self, the Avengers and more!
- Learn how a devastating defeat in Thanos' past set events into motion that will redefine the Marvel Universe in the near future!
- A prequel to the upcoming THANOS: THE INFINITY REVELATION original graphic novel! All roads lead to this!
The over-sized conclusion of the Marvel Summer event!
The heroes of Earth versus the forces of Thanos! <ul><li>The Avengers Universe.</li><li>The Heroes of Earth rally to defeat Thanos.</li><li>The war for Earth begins.</li></ul> <ul><li>Negotiating the fall of worlds.</li><li>The Illuminati versus Thanos.</li><li>Thor, God of War.</li></ul> <ul><li>Prison break.</li><li>Stealing a worldkiller.</li><li>The fall of Attilan.</li></ul> <ul><li>Thanos&#39; Rise is now complete.... setting the stage for Marvel&#39;s massive, universe changing event: INFINITY!</li></ul> The oversized kickoff to the year's most anticipate Blockbuster summer event, chaning the way you view the Marvel Universe!
- The outbreak of war on two fronts: Earth and Space, with our heroes torn between them.
- The world-shattering return of Thanos!
- Includes material from FREE COMIC BOOK DAY: INFINITY Thanos kills a lot of people. <ul><li>The Mad Titan flees his home in search of true love.</li><li>But how many lives will he have to take to find it?</li><li>The book so blood-soaked you&rsquo;ll be glad it&rsquo;s a mini-series.</li></ul> <ul><li>Continuing the jaw-dropping origin of the mad Titan who will soon change the face of the Galaxy!</li><li>Death follows young Thanos as his inner darkness grows.</li></ul> - What comes after "Marvel NOW!"? Whatever it is, it starts HERE.
- The vile face left movie audiences in shock after last summer's Marvel Studios' "The Avengers" movie, but who is this eerily disturbing villain?
- Thanos rises as the unrivaled rogue of wretchedness in this gripping tale of tragedy, deceit and destiny. Where did this demi-god of death and destruction come from and...more importantly what does he want?
- The answers come from the incredible creative team of Jason Aaron (Wolverine, X-Men Origins) and Simone Bianchi (Wolverine, Astonishing X-Men) as they take you on journey that will not only change the course of one boy's life...
...but will soon change the very nature of the Marvel Universe. <ul><li>The explosive conclusion to the Avengers&rsquo; cosmic odyssey!</li><li>Will the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy be able to stop Thanos from his quest to make Earth the throne world of his new empire?</li><li>The explosive fallout of the storyline will change one of the Avengers&rsquo; lives forever as a brand-new Marvel initiative spins out of this bombastic series.</li></ul> The Avengers square off against the Zodiac for the good of the city. Will the team defeat their new-found enemies or will they crumble beneath their star-studded powers? GET READY FOR THE MOST EARTH SHATTERING, WORLD DESTROYING, INSURANCE-RATE HIKING, EVENT IN MARVEL HISTORY SINCE THE LAST ONE! Wyatt Cenac and Elliott Kalan of "The Daily Show" lead a cavalcade of comedy's finest minds to answer the questions about the Marvel Universe you were ashamed to ask!  This Fall, the Marvel U will be rocked down to its spandex wearing core! Be ashamed. Be VERY ashamed!  #shameitself When the God of Thunder goes berserk, the most powerful heroes in the universe may not be able to stop him! See Thor tear through the ranks of Beta Ray Bill, the Silver Surfer, Adam Warlock, Dr. Strange, Drax the Destroyer and Thanos! And when the mad Thor gets his hands on the Infinity Gem of Power, even Odin may be powerless to stop him! Collecting THOR (1966) #468-471, SILVER SURFER (1987) #86-88, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #6-8 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #23- 25. Deadpool, against the greatest threats in the Marvel Universe: Thanos! Wolverine! Bullseye! T-Ray! Dr. Bong!? Deadpool, in some of the quirkiest adventures ever seen: Sumos! Arabian princesses! Saber-toothed bunnies! Zombies! Introducing Widdle Wade, the tiny Deadpool assassin! All this and Deadpool...married?!? Plus: In BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK, witness the most bizarre Deadpool stories ever told! Collecting DEADPOOL (1997) #26-33, BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK and DEADPOOL TEAM-UP #1. The conclusion to the Infinity Gauntlet arc takes the Avengers into the heart of the universe and reveals a new entity. Who will wield the gauntlet? The evil Thanos has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? The Avengers! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)! Collecting AVENGERS & THE INFINITY GAUNTLET #1-4, plus the first issue of the original INFINITY GAUNTLET series. THE THANOS IMPERATIVE is over, but who and what has survived? What happened to Thanos? What about Lord Mar-Vell and the Cancerverse? Who rules the Kree and the Shi'Ar? Is anyone left to guard the galaxy? The Thrilling Conclusion to the space-spanning saga! The evil
Thanos has toyed with the Avengers long enough'time to do away with them and get to controlling the entire universe!
Can Earth's Mightiest Heroes make a final stand and save EVERYTHING'or is it Thanos Triumphant? 32 PGS./Rated A '$2.99 The war against the abominable Cancerverse reaches its climax. Only Thanos can decide the fate of two universes, but what choice will he make? The "new" Avengers have trekked across the stars to stop Thanos...and after being cramped in a space-trailer with Spider-Man and Doctor Doom, the Hulk wants one thing and one thing only: TO SMASH RAISIN CHIN MAN!!! But he better watch out, because Thanos will leave an infinity gauntlet-shaped imprint in the Hulk's jade jaws if he tries to mess with the mad titan's plans of cosmic domination!
Rated A ...$2.99 Thanos is outnumbered and outgunned by the Cancerverse forces, and his unlikely allies-Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and the other brave misfits-find themselves making a last stand to save the galaxy's #1 villain! FILLLLLLHERRRUPPPP!!!! Half of Earth's super heroes have vanished, and an all-new team of Avengers have assembled to find them. Ms. Marvel! Wolverine! Spider-Man! Dr. Doom!...wait, wha-HUH!? But faster than you can say "BACK STAB" the team rockets into space to save their lost teammates. But first things first: they're going to need gas. Space gas. Only one man can help: the meanest mother trucker in the galaxy, US ACE! So pop a squat at the Star Stop In the Cancerverse itself, Star-Lord's rag-tag team learns whether attempting to make a deal with Thanos was the smartest choice they ever made or the worst decision of their entire lives! The evil THANOS has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? THE AVENGERS! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)!
Rated A ...$2.99 As the staggering consequences of the Cancerverse's invasion become apparent, Star-Lord and his battered band of heroes fight to protect Thanos, who has actually become the universe's only hope! A rival universe where life is the ultimate curse is gouging into our own! Even the great abstract figures of creation like Oblivion and Eternity have taken up arms! What possible significance can Star-Lord and his band of misfit heroes hope to have? The THANOS SOURCEBOOK is an ideal primer for any reader of the latest saga to rock the cosmos! Featuring biographies on Marvel's intergalactic cast of characters - as written by Earth's Richard Rider, the Nova Prime! Nova, The Silver Surfer, Quasar, Gladiator and more of the greatest cosmic champions of the Marvel Universal line up to stop creatures from beyond The Fault, but it could be more than even they can handle. Thanos is back! On one side you have the Marvel Universe's #1 threat! On the other: a dark new force determined to obliterate everyone! In the middle are the outnumbered and battle-hardened heroes that stand between us and complete decimation! Death, life and resurrection...Annihilus is back and hungry for revenge!
Prime Elements part four: The Cult of the Negative Zone!
Rated T He's back...Thanos! How did he return? Why is he back? And what does the appearance of the galaxy's #1 threat mean for our rag-tag band of universal protectors? REALM OF KINGS. The universe faces one of its greatest evils - and no one can see it coming! The Magus, the shadow-half of Adam Warlock, is not dead after all...and only a small and hapless band of heroes can stop him! He's back and better than ever - the hero that wouldn't die, Captain Marvel! After a few years in hiatus, mighty Marvel's space-born super hero returned, and under the aegis of writer/artist Jim Starlin, his story would achieve a scale never before imagined!  Stripping the Kree Captain down to his very core and forcing him through a gauntlet of past opponents, Starlin then brought to the fore one of Marvel's pre-eminent cosmic menaces for the very first time: the mad Titan, Thanos. With the stage set and the players from unearthly entity Eon to Drax the Destroyer and the mighty Avengers pulled into fray, the good Captain led the fight against Thanos and his Cosmic Cube in a confrontation that would redefine super-hero epics forever!  Featuring an introduction by Jim Starlin and an extensive selection of bonuses, this Marvel Masterworks volume is the definitive collection of the creative arc that defined Captain Marvel!  Collecting CAPTAIN MARVEL #22-33 and IRON MAN #55.<br>Rated A ...$54.99 <br> The epic, visionary EARTH X saga concludes.  Will the Heroes of Earth be able to solve the problems of the Paradise they helped create? Will their quest for a new Death entity succeed so the pain and suffering of the world's population ceases? Collecting PARADISE X #6-12,  RAGNAROK, DEVILS, A, X.<br><br>352 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99 <br><br>ISBN: 0-7851-2416-0 <br><br><br> In EARTH X, Captain America, the Fantastic Four, Thor, the Hulk and the X-Men discovered that their purpose - and the meaning of all super heroes and mutated people in the universe - was nothing more than to protect their host planet, in this case Earth, from outside invasion. They learned super heroes are merely biological antibodies to protect a growing embryo within the Earth. An embryo for the Celestial race: This is the way these Gods fought back - only to cause a terrible ecological imbalance, a rift at its core that in time would wipe out all life on the planet. In UNIVERSE X, Captain Marvel was reborn on Earth years after his death. But he also still claimed to walk in the realm of the unliving, where Earth's fallen champions still exist. Mar-Vell led a team of heroes in a quest for the greatest weapons of mass destruction on Earth, suggesting this would limit the destruction caused by the growing power struggle on the planet. But this was not the only reason. For his crusade on Earth only supported and armed a battle he fought in the realm of the fallen, a battle against Death herself. Those living champions who died in his collection of artifacts were added to the battle raging in this other realm. Mar-Vell led a charge against Death and killed her. But now that Death is dead, no one will ever die again. They may writhe in pain in hospitals because their bodies have been broken beyond repair, but they will not die. They will call out for an end to their suffering. They will cry out for peace but there will be no answer. Paradise will be denied them. Yes. Death is truly dead. Long live the living. Collecting PARADISE X #0-5, PARADISE X: XEN and HERALDS #1-3.<br>304 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99<br>ISBN: 0-7851-2415-2<br> She-Hulk's firm is dealing with their first superhuman sexual assault case. Their client? Eros of Titan, the space-faring Avenger called Starfox! And when emotions get over-heated at the office, expect a love triangle or two to finally come to a head! What will this mean for Pug, She-Hulk and John Jameson? Who (or what) is Awesome Andy falling for?! And what will be the final fate of Starfox? Will he face ruin or redemption? One way or another, the case against the fallen Avenger ends on the moon of Titan! Plus: Civil War threatens the rights of every American super hero. So whose side will Marvel's top superhuman lawyer fight for? And how can she possibly choose, when she feels one way as She-Hulk, and another as Jen Walters? Collecting SHE-HULK #6-13.<br>192 PGS./Rated T+ ...$19.99<br> Left behind, can Drax survive... Thanos takes action... and Nova sets course on a suicide mission. Remember the Titans? <br>Inside the mind of THANOS, SHE-HULK and MOONDRAGON learn a secret so dark, so disturbing, that it will forever change the way you see the Titans! This is it, gamma-fans. One way or another, the case against STARFOX ends here! Will he face ruin or redemption? All this-and a two-fisted throwdown between everyone's favorite Emerald Amazon(Yay!) and the Mad Titan (Boo!)! <br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The United Front led by NOVA, RONAN and DRAX have held, but only just. ANNIHILUS' forces have been fought to a standstill. But can any defense withstand the devastating attack of RAVENOUS and the CENTURIONS? Get caught up on all of the players in the Annihilation event - just in time for this month's ANNIHILATION #1! Featuring Annihilus, Nova, Ronan, the Silver Surfer, the Super-Skrull, Thanos and more - all from the Xandarian Worldmind files of the Nova Corps!<br>48 PGS NO ADS/Rated A ...$3.99<br> It all comes to a head in this issue as the Surfer confronts the sins of his past and, more importantly, determines his future path.  Whatever you were expecting, we guarantee, this wasn't it.  It's a whole new, senses staggering chapter in the Surfer's ongoing saga!<br>Interlocking cover with all three other ANNIHILATION covers! <br>Guest starring FIRELORD, GALACTUS, and THANOS!<br>32 PGS./Rated A ...$2.99<br> GUEST STARRING THANOS!<br>GUEST STARRING GALACTUS!<br>Can even the combined might of the ex-heralds of Galactus stand against an all out assault by the Annihilation Wave?  It gets worse.  Thanos, the near omnipotent mad Titan, commands the Annihilation wave assault.  It gets EVEN worse. With the heralds otherwise occupied, a shocking character moves to strike at Galactus!  You don't want to miss this one!  No.  Really.  You don't.<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The ex-heralds of Galactus unite to combat a common foe.  But can even the combined powers of the Silver Surfer, Firelord, Terrax and Red Shift stand against the Annihilation Wave and it's mad master?  And what dark ambition motivates Thanos to strike a dark alliance with the invading force?<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> ANNIHILATION continues here!<br><br>The Annihilation Wave has targeted the ex-heralds of Galactus. Hunted by beings every bit as powerful as himself, the Silver Surfer must find a way to unite Galactus' ex-heralds against a common foe!<br><br>But, can even the united cosmic might of those who served Galactus stand against these powerful beings called Seekers!?<br><br>Guest starring: FIRELORD and GABRIEL THE AIR WALKER. <br>And introducing RAVENOUS!<br><br><br>32 PGS./Rated T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> This is it! 48 pages of cosmic guts and glory! If you want to see your favorite cosmic level heroes and villains, you dare not miss ANNIHIALTION: PROLOGUE! This 48 page (NO ADS!) book is written by Keith Giffen (DRAX THE DESTROYER, THANOS), and features the stunning art of Scott Kolins & Ariel Olivetti. This is the book to read for the NEXT YEAR'S worth of cosmic stories! Get in on the ground floor as Marvel raises these great characters from the ashes!<br>Heroes will die. Villains and heroes will form allegiances. Empires will fall.<br>FEATURING: NOVA, SILVER SURFER, THANOS, DRAX THE DESTROYER, RONAN THE ACCUSER, AND THE SUPER-SKRULL! <br>Retailers take note: this issue kicks off a cosmic event starting in April! <br>48 PGS (NO ADS)/T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$3.99<br> The death of Drax and we're not kidding.  Not a crossover stunt, not a sales gimmick, not a hackneyed plot device.  In this issue Drax dies... bites the big one... shuffles off the ol' mortal coil... You get the picture.  And wait till you see who lands the death blow!<br><br>32 PGS./T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> At the very edge of existence, Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to re-evaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them. Meanwhile, a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized forms a Super Posse to bag the Mad Titan once and for all! It's Thanos, the mad Titan, versus the Fallen One, first herald to world-devouring Galactus and grade A prime interstellar sociopath, as we wind up our first year with a cosmic melee that's sure to be talked about for years to come. Like it would kill you to buy one for a friend? The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning tale woven by his creator, Jim Starlin (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals -- and what hidden desires now pull at his heart and mind? Collects THANOS #1-6. In the aftermath of Thanos' battle with the Beyonder, the damage to the Kyln prison shorts out a vital power link, allowing one of the Kyln's most dangerous prisoners its freedom: the fallen one, first herald to Galactus, a cosmic-powered sociopath looking to even an old score with its former master! It's Thanos vs. the Maker (a.k.a. Cosmos, a.k.a. the Beyonder, a.k.a. Skippy the Wonder Weasel) in a no-holds-barred, cosmic brawl that answers the oft-asked question: Quisp or Quake? In part 3 of Giffen & Lim's first story arc, Thanos makes his manipulative presence felt in the depths of the intergalactic maximum-security penitentiary Omega Core - while a Super Posse is formed by a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized to bag him once and for all! <br>32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99<br> At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! The planet-shaking conclusion of the Thanos/Galactus/Hunger conflict! 
If the Titan goes down, he's going down fighting!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)<br>Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.<br>32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)
Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.
32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) Thanos attacks Galactus in the only reasonable way possible: a psychic assault. Guest-starring Moondragon.
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 For what cosmic reason does Thanos seek a confrontation with the planet-devourer Galactus? And must Adam Warlock oppose him, or aid him?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning new ongoing series by his creator, JIM STARLIN (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). 
He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals ... and what hidden desires pull at his heart and mind now?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Thanos is the only person who can save the universe. But will he? The universe is unraveling, and Thanos is holding the threads. Will he mend the fabric of reality? The most powerful beings in the universe must decide how to deal with the nigh-omnipotent Thanos. Thanos's power is escalating to Celestial-level heights. Will he be corrupted further by his new might? With almost all of the world's heroes dead, it's up to Thanos of Titan to save the world. When an ancient Pharaoh is granted godlike abilities, he sets out to conquer the universe! Can the heroes of the Marvel Universe stop him before it's too late? Mephisto's grand plan stands revealed! Find out how and why he has been manipulating the minds of Thanos, Nighthawk, Gargoyle and Dr. Doom.
 Creel is whole! Now, the monster that destroyed the Avengers is back with a vengeance! Meanwhile, in the land of the dead, the heroes have made their way to Death, Thanos, and Mephisto.
 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 4 (of 4)
He made the universe, and he might just unmake it. Marv's insanity has reached critical mass, and it's going to take the combined efforts of Rick Jones, Marv's mom, the Skrull, the Shi'ar, the Kree, and the new Captain Marvel herself to rein him in. 
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 3 (of 4)
THE DEBUT OF THE NEW ... CAPTAIN MARVEL?!
There's a new sheriff in town, and man is she pissed! Marv goes home to Titan and finds a ghost town ... and a new Captain Marvel ready to take his mantle, whether he wants to give it up or not.  
The series changes right here!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Immortus' mutant battalion has arrived at Castle Doom! Can Reed Richards hold the horde off? Meanwhile, Thor, Captain Marvel, the Hulk, and the X-Men confront the Supreme Intelligence.
 While Moonknight battles the Assasins of Set-Thor, Captain Mar-Vell, the Hulk, and the X-Men are all mysteriously teleported to Egypt to watch the furious engagement! Plus, the final stand of the Fantastic Four.
 Captain America and Captain Mar-Vell head to both the Savage Land and Limbo in an effort to locate the power sources of Earth X. It's the two Captains versus Space Phantoms, Dire Wraiths, and the demon called Belasco!
 Reed Richards thought that Galactus was defeated. He thought the Celestials were gone. He was wrong. Now, the heroes of the Marvel Universe await an unspeakable evil to befall them all. And it starts with the rebirth of Captain Mar-Vell.
 Freshly infused with energy from newly acquired armaments, Thor engages in a final showdown with Thanos! Thor, alongside Firelord and the Recorder, battle Thanos and Mangog! Thor, Firelord, and the Recorder head to stop Thanos and Mangog. But it may already be too late! It's Thor versus Thanos in a battle for the future! Thor makes a terrible discovery when he travels to Asgard to seek the council of the gods. Is it the origin of T-Ray, or the origin of Deadpool? Is Deadpool T-Ray? Is T-Ray Wade Wilson? Those questions and more are asked as we glimpse the events that lead to Mercedes Wilson's death from T-Ray's point of view!
 Ka-Zar takes home field advantage against Thanos in the SAVAGE LAND! The Plunderer teams up with perhaps the most dangerous Marvel villain…Ka-Zar takes on a mission far from his wheelhouse when he does battle with Thanos! The mighty powerful Thanos faces Ka-Zar! Thanos has assembled the mightiest cosmic warriors for this very moment- the destruction of Tyrant, the most powerful being in the galaxy! But will Terrax, Jack, Ganymede and Legacy object to being Thanos’ pawns? And when Thanos takes on Tyrant alone, will the Titan walk away victorious? Will he walk away at all? The explosive conclusion to Cosmic Powers! Tyrant attempts mind control over Morg, a devoted herald of Galactus. Will Morg find himself with a new master…and the Power Cosmic? Ganymede agrees to help Thanos in his takedown of Tyrant. But Jack of Hearts and Legacy have tracked down Ganymede- straight into Tyrant’s fortress! Legacy is intent on destroying Nitro, the villain responsible for killing his father, Captain Marvel. What follows is a worthy battle of galactic proportion! But will Legacy be able to take Nitro’s life? Ganymede of the Spinsterhood may be the key to defeating Tyrant. But will Terrax and Thanos be able to strike an alliance? Jack of Hearts finds himself falling for Ganymede, but her vows prevent love from taking hold. Will the two say no to Thanos…and live? Silver Surfer and Legacy must pacify the monks of the Oracle’s monastery. Will Thanos ever return what is not rightfully his? No chance! The battle for all-encompassing knowledge just got heated. Has Thanos found a comrade in arms with Terrax? The warrior from Lanlak certainly shares a bloodlust with the mad Titan, especially for Tyrant, Galactus’ android. This could be the beginning of Marvel’s most dangerous alliance yet! Thanos takes extreme measures to relieve his boredom- measures that involve mass murder! The cosmos tremble as the tyrant searches for a worthy combatant. Enter the cosmic playing field of Marvel’s mightiest galactic heroes! Who will be able to stop the Mad Titan? The Watch vs. Thanos! Meanwhile, Odin does his best to cure Thor of his insanity, but his efforts prove in vain. Will Thor's mind be restored with the help of...Thanos?! Thanos assembles an elite team of cosmic villains to acquire the Oracle of Ancient Knowledge! Featuring Geatar, Rhino, Nitro, and Super-Skrull! Thor’s coming for Thanos...! But Silver Surfer and the Mind Valkyrie know how outmatched the Thunder God might be, so they rush to Thanos’ ship before any serious harm is done! It's time for the next wave of Secret Defenders to enter the fray! NORTHSTAR, and his blinding speed! NOVA, and his cosmic power! THE INCREDIBLE HULK, and his smashing strength! Together with Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, these heroes will face the worst villain in all of the Marvel Universe - THANOS, the Mad Titan! The conclusion is here! One by one, stars in the Milky Way galaxy have begun to explode. Can the heroes save the universe? What role will Thanos come to play in the final act? After teaming up with Drax The Destroyer to fight Thor, The Hulk is abandoned and left to drift in space above Paradise Omega. Can the Jade Giant make it back to the surface in time to join the action? Mephisto knows how to use the Cosmic Cubes in ways no one was meant to use them. His price for the information: a Cosmic Cube once the Goddess is defeated. His customers? Thanos and Adam Warlock! Earth's gathered champions are rocketing toward Paradise Omega, home of Adam Warlock's virtuous female doppleganger, the Goddess. Has she been slain? What is next for the heroes? Adam Warlock must search for answers within while he does battle with his greatest enemy...himself! Magus triumphant!  Who will win the Infinity War...and at what price? The Magus is now in possession of a fully functioning Infinity Gauntlet.  What chance do Adam Warlock and the Marvel heroes have now? The Marvel heroes are fighting a war on two fronts while the Magus schemes his way to total domination. Is the only way to save the universe...the Infinity Gauntlet?! Magus's plan for domination hits a deadly new level.  And when the heroes track down the cause of the mayhem, they come face to face with Thanos and Warlock and the Infinity Watch.  Fight! The evil dopplegangers infiltration of the Marvel heroes has led to mistrust and infighting...and things get worse when a Gamma bomb is detonated! When evil dopplegangers of the Marvel heroes appear, it's all-out war!  Why has Magus unleashed them on an unsuspecting world? And is the heroes only hope...Thanos?! Nebula has the Infinity Gauntlet -- and, in the most shocking twist yet,
Thanos now stands with Earth's heroes to defeat her! Can one being
possibly contain all that power? And if not Thanos, then who? With a
shock ending that'll leave you begging for more! After a chemical accident, Spider-Man’s consciousness is separated from his body and he enters an alternate plane where Death herself lies in wait! Not to mention Thanos is there too, in possession of the Infinity Gauntlet!
 SILVER SURFER VS. THANOS! Doctor Strange convinces the Surfer to engage in a duel of combat with Thanos in order to crush Nebula's ascension. Galactus! The Celestials! The Stranger! Master Order and Lord Chaos! The
all-powerful entities of the universe have united to stand against
Thanos -- and they don't stand a chance! Can the remnants of Earth's
heroes succeed where the gods have failed? And the captive Nebula has
her eyes on that Gauntlet... REAL LIFE OR FANTASY? Surfer is banished to an alternate dimension where he is forced to face his darkest fears and failures. Wolverine, broken! The Scarlet Witch, incinerated! She-Hulk and Namor,
buried alive! The Vision, ripped apart! Thor, shattered! Iron Man,
beheaded! Cyclops, suffocated! When Earth's heroes attack, Thanos takes
the kid gloves off -- but leaves the god-making Infinity Gauntlet on! The Silver Surfer's stripped of his Power Cosmic and is forced to kill himself…in an alternate reality! Thanos creates the planet of Necronos and sacrifices millions to death! ANIMALS ON THE LOOSE! Before his battle with Thanos, Silver Surfer must help Rhino who has realized that releasing Central Park Zoo's animals does more harm than good. Infinity Gauntlet crossover! Empowered by the Gauntlet, Thanos brings four Quantum-Band wielders back to life! Eon’s remains are scattered over Earth. Thanos summons Doctor Strange into a time warp where the Sorcerer Supreme must fight for his life!
 To start the day, Thanos wrote his name across the universe in planets.
To finish, he'll stand against the assembled might of Earth's remaining
heroes! Plus: When Mistress Death rejects Thanos again, he creates his
own perfect mate: Meet Terraxia the Terrible! Billions of people across the planet have disappeared; now, the super
humans of Earth scramble to find out what's going on! Featuring Quasar!
Dr. Strange! Dr. Doom! Captain America! Thor! Warlock! Wolverine! Iron
Man! She-Hulk! The Silver Surfer! And more! WHILE A UNIVERSE TREMBLES! Drax has bigger problems to worry about than Firelord when Doctor Strange unites a group of heroes to prepare for a galactic battle with none other than...THANOS! Seeking to impress the Mistress Death, who returned him to life, Thanos
has gained control over the Infinity Gauntlet -- making him an
all-powerful god! With Mephisto as his familiar, Thanos wipes out half
of the life in the universe with a snap of his fingers! What will Earth
do when half its the heroes are killed? Finally in possession of all the Infinity Stones, Thanos turns a stone golem into a powerful war machine. The Silver Surfer races back to Earth to warn the other heroes of Thanos' diabolical master plan. Drax and the Surfer have enough power between them to annihilate small planets, but can they match the awesome force of Thanos when he wields all of the Infinity Stones? Drax the Destroyer and the Silver Surfer partner up to defeat Thanos -- for real this time. Thing and Starhawk track Moondragon and Her to the High Evolutionary's Counter-Earth. There they clash over the absconded Alicia Masters. A mysterious celestial being called Her is after Adam Warlock, and thinks that Alicia Masters is the key to finding him. Thing must team up with Starhawk in order to save her! Spider-Man and Thing find themselves on board Thanos’s ship and besieged by his legions. Meanwhile, Adam Warlock reunites with Gamora and Pip the Troll within the Soul Gem. Collects Black Order #1-5.

They are the scourge of the Avengers, the Cull Obsidian — Thanos’ most feared warriors! Now the ruthless Black Order has been dispatched by the Grandmaster to destabilize a burgeoning empire — but as big and as bad as they are, there is always someone bigger and badder. Isn’t that always the way? You go to assassinate an emperor, he turns the tables, and suddenly a very simple mission gets a whole lot more complicated — and the man called Nova shows up to spoil all the fun! As the Black Order suffers a painful and unexpected defeat, their new teammate the Black Swan is presented with a simple choice: stay and risk an ungainly end — or leave and abandon the closest thing she has to a family. Empires, rebellions, spies and sabotage combine in an absolutely unhinged adventure! THANOS IS DEAD! Executed by the deadliest assassin in the galaxy…his daughter, Gamora. But before their relationship came to a bloody end, how did it begin? Find out in this all new miniseries by Tini Howard (MARVEL KNIGHTS 20TH and AGE OF CONAN: BELIT) and Ariel Olivetti (DEATH OF THE INHUMANS)!
 The most ruthless villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage as we celebrate the 80th anniversary of the House of Ideas with the era-spanning MARVEL TALES! This anthology series shines a spotlight on fan-favorite characters, features timeless stories and highlights some of Marvel’s most impressive talent from the past eight decades — and for Thanos, it could only be the cosmic maestro, Jim Starlin! Reprinting the classic tale, written and drawn by Starlin, that first revealed Thanos’ stunning connection to the deadliest woman in the galaxy — Gamora — from WARLOCK (1972) #10! Another Starlin-scripted epic pits the Mad Titan against one of the MU’s greatest evils — the devilish Mephisto — in SILVER SURFER (1987) #45! And Gamora gets the chance to unleash her full fury on her twisted father figure in WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #8!
 Reprinting Warlock and the Infinity Watch #9 COLLECTING: INFINITY WAR 1-6; FANTASTIC FOUR (1961) 366-370; SPIDER-MAN (1990) 24; DEATHLOK (1991) 16; DAREDEVIL (1964) 310; WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH 7-10; DOCTOR STRANGE, SORCERER SUPREME 42-47; SILVER SURFER (1987) 67-69; WONDER MAN (1991) 13-15; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 110-112; SILVER SABLE & THE WILD PACK 4-5; GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (1990) 27-29; QUASAR 37-40; NEW WARRIORS (1990) 27; MARC SPECTOR: MOON KNIGHT 41-44; NOMAD (1992) 7; SLEEPWALKER 18; MATERIAL FROM CAPTAIN AMERICA (1968) 408; ALPHA FLIGHT (1983) 109; MARVEL COMICS PRESENTS (1988) 108-112. The epic sequel to the Infinity Gauntlet! Adam Warlock's dark half has resurfaced. The Magus is here. And the cosmos shall feel his wrath! As the Magus schemes for ultimate power, an army of evil doppelgangers overwhelms Earth's heroes, Dr. Strange and Galactus seek answers and Thanos enters the fray - alongside the Infinity Watch! Can the Avengers, X-Men and more turn the tide? To defeat the Magus, Eternity must be awakened...and the Infinity Gauntlet reassembled! Collects Marvel Universe: The End #1-6. 

A catastrophic, existence-ending event forces Earth's mightiest heroes and villains to join forces to fend off Armageddon. Led by the demigod Thanos, Earth's superhumans must stand shoulder-to-shoulder to face the most terrifying threat that they've ever encountered: Nothing less than the end of all that ever was! Collecting Infinity #1-6, New Avengers (2013) #7-12, Avengers (2012) #14-23 and Infinity: Against the Tide Infinite Comic #1-2.

Thanos makes his world-shattering return, and his armies fire the opening shots of a galactic war that will be fought both on Earth and in deep space - with our heroes caught between both battles! As the mad Titan's secrets are revealed, the Inhumans' city of Attilan falls, and the members of the Illuminati find themselves on the front line! And as every Origin Site on Earth goes active, the Builders enter the Marvel Universe. But can the Avengers return to Earth in time to save it, when betrayal in the Galactic Council has left them prisoners of war? For the Mad Titan, Thanos, the Infinity Gauntlet was the Holy Grail — the ultimate prize to be coveted above all else. With it came omnipotence: the absolute control of all aspects of time, space, power, reality, mind and soul. But his gaining of supreme might meant the beginning of a black nightmare for the entire universe. Now, on the edge of Armageddon and led by the mysterious Adam Warlock, Earth’s super heroes join in a desperate attempt to thwart this nihilistic god’s insane plunge into galactic self-destruction. Should the heroes fail, the astral gods of the universe wait to step into the fray. But in such an awesome cosmic conflict, will anyone prevail? Will anyone survive? The original Infinity epic is collected alongside a Gauntlet-full collection of behind-the-scenes extras! Collects Cosmic Ghost Rider #1-5. You knew him as the Punisher. Then Frank Castle made a deal with the devil that made him the Ghost Rider. A deal with Galactus made him cosmic. And a deal with Thanos made him…dead?! Not to worry, Castle doesn’t die easy. He’s back — and he’s got a plan to make the universe a better place! It all starts with an idea so simple he can’t believe no one’s ever done it before. But as with all things worth doing, it’s not going to be easy. Castle takes on space sharks, faces down the future Guardians of the Galaxy and runs into Galactus during a bar fight! And don’t forget…baby Thanos?! It’s Frank…er…the Punish…um…Cosmic Ghost Rider in the craziest caper you’ve ever seen! Continuing their popular Art Of series, Marvel Studios presents its biggest achievement yet: Marvel Studios' Avengers: Infinity War! A threat has emerged from the cosmos: Thanos. A ruthless warlord who plans to collect all six Infinity Stones. Joined by his formidable allies, he will be near-unstoppable at achieving his goal. The Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and Spider-Man must join forces and fight side by side to stop Thanos, while the fate of the Earth and the universe lies in the balance. Go behind the scenes with this keepsake volume! Collects Infinity Countdown: Black Widow #1, Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel #1, Infinity Countdown: Champions #1-2, & Infinity Countdown: Daredevil #1. The events of the INFINITY COUNTDOWN are felt all across the Marvel Universe! Carol Danvers has the Reality Stone — and with it meets the Captain Marvels of many worlds! Daredevil battles to keep Hell’s Kitchen safe from the influence of the Mind Stone — now in the most unlikely of hands! The Champions head to space to save the Nova Corps and stop Warbringer — and the young heroes are in for the fight of their lives! And an old friend entrusts the Space Stone into the hands of the Black Widow — but is even the world’s top espionage agent ready to handle cosmic responsibility? Don’t miss this blockbuster companion volume to the explosive event! THANOS WINS...AGAIN! Rising star Donny Cates returns to the Mad Titan to bring the story bridging the gap between his best-selling “Thanos Wins” and the worldshattering INFINITY WARS! How did Thanos’ journey back from the future lead to the events of INFINITY WARS PRIME? Now it can be told! COSMIC GHOST RIDER VS. THE FUTURE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY FOR THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE! ’NUFF SAID! CHAMPIONS…OF THE CHITAURI? Nova and the Champions fighting for Thanos? Strange allies abound and sacrifices will be made...One of these young heroes is about to lose everything. Collects Silver Surfer (1987) #39-50, Annual #3; Thanos Quest #1-2 and material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #50. The Mad Titan is on a quest for Death! The Silver Surfer may believe he has killed Thanos, but the terrible truth is that the Mad Titan still lives — and that’s bad news for the Marvel Universe, because Thanos’ great love has sent him on a space-faring search for the Infinity Gems! Meanwhile, the Surfer tackles a deadly life-form and deals with the madness of Dynamo City! But when Thanos returns from his quest, glove on hand and hell-bent for revenge, do the Surfer, Galactus and Drax the Destroyer stand a chance? And whose side will Mephisto be on? Norrin Radd must face his past as events build to a confrontation that sets the stage for the cosmic epic known as INFINITY GAUNTLET! Thanos is likely the most evil being in the universe…and if anyone would know, it’s the all-new Cosmic Ghost Rider. Let the spirit of vengeance be your guide on a tour through the worst of the worst, as he reveals the most heinous deeds ever perpetrated by the Mad Titan…or by anyone else! Reprinting Infinity War (1992) #1! Reprinting Silver Surfer (1987) #34! AT LONG LAST…THANOS WINS! When there is nothing left to kill, Death comes…to the one who loves her most – KING THANOS. How will the fantastic saga of Thanos, King Thanos and the Cosmic Ghost Rider end? Reprinting Thanos Rising (2013) #1! Reprinting Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1! Jim Starlin and Alan Davis return in the first volume of a new trilogy! The Mad Titan has everything he ever wanted — but satisfaction is not in Thanos’ vocabulary. When a temporal distortion on Titan draws his attention, he finds the purpose he’s been searching for: saving himself! An old enemy lurks in the far future, and it will take the combined wits of Thanos, his brother Eros and time-travel master Kang the Conqueror to stop it — and save the Multiverse. But there are other players in this cosmic chess game — and Thanos may find himself outmatched! What lies ahead for the so-called Avatar of Death? Reprinting Avengers (1963) #125! Collects Marvel Universe Avengers Assemble Season 2 #2, 11-12, 15-16 and material from #1. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL’S AVENGERS ASSEMBLE SEASON TWO! The Avengers face the machinations of the Mad Titan himself — Thanos! And you know he must be bad when even the Red Skull is fleeing from him! Thanos seeks the cosmic Power Stone — but will the robotic Arsenal, built by Tony Stark’s father, help keep it out of the Titan’s grasp? Thanos has targeted all the Stones necessary to form the Infinity Gauntlet — and if he succeeds, he’ll have ultimate power in the palm of his hand! Black Widow has a plan to save the universe — but it will take all of the Avengers to pull it off! Captain America and Iron Man don’t see eye-to-eye, but can they put aside their differences in time to come together for the final battle to save everything? Reprinting Iron Man (1968) #55 & material from Logan's Run (1977) #6! Collects Marvel’s Avengers: Infinity War Prelude #1-2, Infinity #1 And Thanos Annual #1. When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, Captain America and the Winter Soldier go rogue to find him — but Iron Man isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, Falcon and Black Widow are headed next — because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. Get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for 2018’s biggest blockbuster with this special prelude! Plus, with the Avengers distracted, see Thanos seize his opportunity to strike at Earth in the first chapter of Jonathan Hickman’s epic Infinity! Delve into the Mad Titan’s past as he joins himself on a time-bending journey of discovery — one that sets the stage for his next cosmic odyssey! THE SURFER STRIKES! Thanos and his future self take on the most powerful opposition to his reign left in the universe – Norrin Radd. Can even two Thanoses crack his Cosmic Shell? Collects Thanos (2016) #13-18 And Thanos Annual (2018) #1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words: “Thanos wins.” And now, it looks as though that disturbing thought is about to become a horrific reality! See what happens when the Mad Titan gets his way! Thanos journeys to the end of time and his moment of complete victory…and still isn’t happy with what he sees. Witness the Mad Titan’s greatest glory — and ultimate shame! And no matter what form Thanos’ victory takes, is there any way that anyone — or anything — can possibly survive? Featuring the Silver Surfer and introducing the all-new cosmic Spirit of Vengeance, Ghost Rider! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #60-66, Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme #36, Warlock and the Infinity Watch #1-6; material from Silver Surfer Annual #5! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #34-38, #40, #44-50; Thanos Quest #1-2! Collects Avengers & the Infinity Gauntlet #1-4, Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1. Thanos, scourge of the cosmos, has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. With the power of the gems, he destroyed half the population of all worlds, including many of the Avengers and half the Fantastic Four. The only force standing in his way is what's left of the Avengers. But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains--including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Ms. Marvel and Doctor Doom--overpower the unstoppable? Plus: See where the saga began in the classic Infinity Gauntlet #1. Collects Infinity Gauntlet (1991) #1-6. The Mad Titan Thanos has seized control of Infinity Gauntlet and with it near-omnipotent power! Who can stop this deadly new overlord? All of Marvel's top heroes star in this epic of cosmic proportions! THE THREAT FROM ABOVE! As a Master of the Mystic Arts, DOCTOR STEPHEN STRANGE has witnessed many unusual things…but none so powerful and potentially Universe-threatening as the existence of the INFINITY STONES! Don’t miss a detail of the galaxy-spanning story featuring IRON MAN, THOR, CAPTAIN AMERICA, VISION, SCARLET WITCH and more, and make yourself an Infinity Stone expert before this summer’s blockbuster film! The secret origins of King Thanos’ right-hand man, the cosmic spirit of vengeance, Ghost Rider! Just who IS this madman and how did he become allies with the most evil man in the Universe? The Infinity Stones. Individually, they grant their wielder great power. Together, they grant the power of a god. Newly reformed and scattered throughout the universe, these artifacts allow the ones who claim them their heart’s desire. Now, as their locations are discovered, forces converge for a battle that will begin the universe down a dark path to the END. Jump onto this exciting ride that will lead to the biggest Infinity yet! Plus: The saga of the Infinity Stones—what they are and how they came to be! From creation to destruction to re-creation, this prose primer will tell you everything you need to know about the legendary cosmic gems! When a terrorist puts the Avengers at odds, CAPTAIN AMERICA and THE WINTER SOLDIER go rogue to find him – but IRON MAN isn’t far behind. Will the Avengers survive the fallout? Then, find out where Captain America, the Falcon and the Black Widow are headed next – because the world needs heroes, whether it wants them or not. And get a sneak peek at Tony Stark’s brand-new armor! Get ready for MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR in part 1 of this special prelude! THANOS WINS Part 3. As King Thanos and his Rider prepare to face the coming forces of the Fallen One, he surveys the Universe he’s dominated…just a king and his dog. His big…green…dog… Collects Thanos (2016) #7-12. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before: powerless and alone! He is willing to do anything to survive, even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! And when a threat emerges that’s even worse than the Mad Titan himself, every last one of our lives will depend on the weakened Thanos’ drive to survive! And then there’s the small matter of the God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned — and now, it’s Thanos’ turn to explore its depths. But that’s nothing compared to what’s coming: Earth’s Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! Thanos?! But can the cosmos survive when Thanos and his son, Thane, come face-to-face in their violent and universe-shaking climactic battle? Thanos has journeyed to the end of time to the moment of his complete victory…and he’s not happy with what he sees! Writer Donny Cates and artist Geoff Shaw (God Country) continue the tale of the Mad Titan’s greatest glory and ultimate shame! THANOS WINS Part 1. Ask the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe how they fear the universe will end, and in their most honest moment, they will answer with two words… THANOS WINS. Now… see what happens when he does.PLUS: Includes 3 bonus MARVEL PRIMER PAGES! The Guardians meet their match as Thanos’ plan to retrieve an ancient artifact finally comes to fruition! But what is the Eternity Forge – and how will the Mad Titan use it to ravage the galaxy? Will Groot throw over Rocket for Cosmo the Spacedog as his new best friend? This is the most important question, AND YES IT IS TOTALLY POSSIBLE! The spectacular conclusion of Bendis' Avengers era -from falling out with the X-Men to getting to know the Guardians of the Galaxy! When the cosmic Phoenix Force threatens the planet, it's up to Earth's Mightiest Heroes to stop it - but Cyclops and his mutant team have a diff erent plan. This means war! When the dust settles on the devastating AVX confl ict, Tony Stark intercepts a signal that may lead the Avengers into the arms of one of their dearest friends...or their greatest enemies! Plus, an all-star roster assembles alongside the Guardians for a blockbuster showdown with Thanos! The Vision returns! And young hero Nova gets some expert advice on how best to use his newfound powers! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2010) #24.1, #25-34; AVENGERS ASSEMBLE (2012) #1-8; AVENGERS: HEROES WELCOME #1; MATERIAL FROM AVX: VS #6. It all comes to this: The battle between Thanos and his son Thane comes to a violent and universe-shaking climax! A hero returns - and an epic saga begins! Dan Jurgens ushers in one of the greatest eras of Thor - and it begins with the truly blockbuster art of John Romita Jr.! The Thunder God walks the Earth once more, but his new lease on life comes with new enemies - and a new mortal alter ego! Will Thor's comeback be cut short by Dark Gods, the Destroyer and Doctor Doom? Then, on the Eighth Day, the unstoppable Juggernaut will be just the beginning for Thor, Iron Man and Spider-Man! The heavy hitters keep on coming - like Mangog and Thanos! But if Thor is busy saving Midgard, who's protecting Asgard? COLLECTING: THOR (1998) #1-35, ROUGH CUT; SILVER SURFER/THOR ANNUAL 1998; THOR ANNUAL 1999-2000; PETER PARKER: SPIDER-MAN (1999) #2, #11; IRON MAN (1998) #21 (B STORY), #22; JUGGERNAUT: THE EIGHTH DAY. Thanos, depowered. Thane, host of the Phoenix Force. Round Two! RIP Thanos? The Guardians go undercover! In their latest heist, the team must infiltrate Thanos' home planet. Too bad nobody told them the Worshippers of Thanos are on to them! Earth's Mightiest Hero! Leader of the Avengers! Champion of all that is good! - THANOS?! CAN GAMORA ESCAPE HER PAST? GAMORA attempts to make amends for her past misdeeds, but finds herself ensnared in a deadly trap set by her evil sister, NEBULA! And when RONAN and the GRANDMASTER join the fray, will Gamora ever be able to rid herself of her past alliances with them? Jim Shooter and an unparalleled team of avenging artists -- George Pérez, John Byrne, Jim Starlin and more -- bring you Earth's Mightiest Heroes at their best! This Marvel Masterworks volume is packed with classic encounters staged on a truly massive scale: Jim Starlin's defining Thanos War, Ultron's revenge, the cosmic Korvac Saga -- it's a dizzying array of iconic adventures! Luckily, the Avengers aren't alone as they face these challenges -- they're joined by the Guardians of the Galaxy, the amazing Spider-Man and the ever-lovin' blue-eyed Thing! Also featuring Adam Warlock, Gamora, the Collector, the Lethal Legion, Count Nefaria, a new look for Wonder Man, and the unfolding secret origins of Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch! Collects Avengers (1963) #164-177, Annual (1967) #7, Marvel Two-In-One Annual (1976) #2. The God Quarry. None who enter have ever returned. Now, it's Thanos' turn. The Merc with a Mouth takes on Marvel's greatest heroes and vilest villains! Everything you knew about Deadpool's first encounter with Cable was wrong - now get the full story! Can X-Force save history from Deadpool? Wade Wilson goes to Infinity and beyond throwing down the gauntlet against the Mad Titan, Thanos! But who will win Death's fair, bony hand? It's the ultimate battle of good-crazy and bad-crazy as Deadpool takes on Carnage - there will be blood! And the regenerating degenerate hangs out with Hawkeye on Halloween - the horror! Plus, Madcap really gets inside Wade's head, and DP helps out his "best bud" Spidey by wearing his webs! Winning friends and influencing people, Deadpool style! Collects Deadpool vs. X-Force #1-4, Deadpool Annual (2013) #1-2, Deadpool vs. Thanos #1-4, Deadpool vs. Carnage #1-4, Hawkeye vs. Deadpool #0-4. Modern visionary Jonathan Hickman begins his Marvel magnum opus! As threats to Earth mount, the Avengers expand! And while Iron Man and Captain America assemble their Avengers World and strive to decipher the meaning of the White Event, Tony Stark secretly tries to solve the biggest crisis of all, along with his influential allies, the Illuminati! While they seek to prevent the collapse of reality itself, the Avengers face a war on two fronts! Protecting Earth from the Builders may only hand it to...Thanos! COLLECTING: AVENGERS (2012) #1-23, NEW AVENGERS (2013) #1-12, FREE COMIC BOOK DAY 2013: INFINITY #1, INFINITY #1-6, INFINITY: AGAINST THE TIDE INFINITE COMIC #1-2, ASTONISHING TALES: MOJOWORLD #1-6, MATERIAL FROM SHANG-CHI: MASTER OF KUNG FU (2009) #1. SPARTAX WAR – PART TWO! THANOS has come to SPARTAX and now the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY must unite with THOR and his all-star guard in order to save PETER QUILL! A threat worse than Thanos. Let that sink in. Worse…than the Mad Titan himself. That's why we need Thanos. See Thanos as you’ve never seen him before…powerless and alone! Thanos is willing to do anything to survive...even if that means accepting help from the unlikeliest of places! To Infinity and beyond! Follow the sentinel of the spaceways into a Marvel Universe-spanning cosmic extravaganza against the Mad Titan Thanos - who wears the Infinity Gauntlet! Drax battles Firelord, the Surfer fights the Rhino and Thanos forces Norrin to get introspective! But is this dimension big enough for the ultimate duel between the Silver Surfer and the Mad Titan? When the dust settles on Earth, the Surfer heads back into space, only to face Midnight, the Inhumans and the Collector! But how will that lead to him coming face to face with...Captain Mar-Vell? Plus, the Surfer faces the undead, joins Mr. Fantastic on an emergency mission, and takes on the Guardians of the Galaxy in the 26th century! And Nova goes solo! Collecting Silver Surfer (1987) #51-66, Annual #4; material from Marvel Comics Presents (1988) #69, 93-97. Featuring screen-capture images from MARVEL'S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY The stars of 2017's most cosmic sequel in highly animated adventures! After a distracting run-in with Ronan, the Guardians just want to get back on track and find the Cosmic Seed before Thanos gets his hands on it! But a chance encounter with Thor will throw the group way off track! Can they ever find their way back, or will the Son of Odin bring their journey to an end? Meanwhile, Star-Lord deals with daddy issues - and his daddy is the head of a galactic empire! Will Peter Quill end up triggering an Asgard/Spartax war? Never mind Groot - we are the World Tree! Plus: Discover the Guardians' origins. Collecting Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015B) #17-19 and material from Marvel Universe Guardians of the Galaxy (2015A) #1-4. Blast off with Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket Raccoon and Groot as they head for the stars and right into an all-new ongoing series! Creators Gerry Duggan, Aaron Kuder and Ive Svorcina bring you over-the-top action and out-of-this-world adventure as the stage is set for May's highly anticipated All-New Guardians of the Galaxy #1! As this unlikely band of misfits returns to outer space once more, nothing will prepare them for their first run in with the new Nova Corps! Thanos’ misfortunes come to a head. Thane’s plans come to fruition. Time for a father-son reunion. Brian Michael Bendis’ last issue! It’s all built to this! GROUNDED comes to a conclusion with this double-sized blockbuster as Brian Michael Bendis wraps up his epic run on GUARDIANS! With the team stuck on Earth and scattered to the winds, could the only thing to bring them together truly be…THANOS? Featuring art by series artist Valerio Schiti and special guest artists to celebrate the end of an era! Follow the fateful saga of the Avenger named Mantis - a tale three decades in the telling! It all begins with the revelations of the Star-Stalker, and soon drags Earth's Mightiest Heroes into a cosmic clash between Captain Marvel and Thanos! But when Kang comes to the present day in search of the Celestial Madonna, Mantis' life is forever altered! In one of the greatest Avengers epics ever told, the besotted Swordsman will go to great lengths to save the woman he loves. Wedding bells will chime, and Mantis will embrace her destiny! Collects Avengers (1963) #123-125, #129-135; Giant-Size Avengers #2-4; Avengers: Celestial Quest #1-8. In the wake of the two Annihilation events, Star-Lord recruited Rocket and Groot to Guard the Galaxy - but what were the three unlikely heroes doing in the years before they came together? Find out in this catch-up on their pre-Annihilation adventures! When She-Hulk is caught in a cosmic caper, she finds Rocket Raccoon - transformed into a stone statue! What happened, and can Shulkie find a way to de-petrify him? Meanwhile, an imprisoned Peter Quill joins Adam Warlock, Pip the Troll and Gladiator as uneasy allies of...a redemption-seeking Thanos! Collects Sensational She-Hulk (1989) #44-46; Thanos (2003) #7-12; Marvel Monsters: Monsters on the Prowl; Nick Fury's Howling Commandos #1-6, 1 Director's Cut. You can cage Thanos. You can lock Thanos away. But you won’t keep him long. Thanos has only one living child – Thane. He murdered all his other offspring. But he didn’t leave Thane alive out of love. A new life for the Mad Titan! Thanos's pursuit of the Infinity Gems has always defined him. But when the Marvel heroes defeat him once again, Thanos's beloved Mistress Death grants him one fi nal chance. Stripped of his powers and his old skin, Thanos embarks on a cosmic walkabout to reassert his power over himself and the Multiverse. This all-new, original tale explores the inner life of one of the most powerful beings in the Marvel Universe. Haunted by family - or the semblances of it - the Mad Titan may become something else entirely. Will he maintain his illusions of grandeur, or is this a new path for a lost god? Thanos takes on the Imperial Guard. The entire Imperial Guard. They’re gonna need more guardsmen. Thanos is pure evil. Thanos is unstoppable. It's time to take him down. EVIL HAS BEEN UNLEASHED ON THE UNIVERSE. Thanos, possibly the most evil individual in the Marvel Universe, is back…and he’s out for vengeance on all who would oppose him. Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he’s also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, following the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…THANOS! CIVIL WAR II TIE-IN! The Ultimates are at war – with each other! Can they solve their problems and come together in time to face the real threat...or will Thanos and his new acolyte destroy them all? She's come to stop crime across the globe and bring peace to the universe. Captain America and Spider-Man are on her side; Thanos and Mephisto stand against her. So how can she be the bad guy? Jim Starlin's 1990s cosmic collection culminates when the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, the Avengers, the Infinity Watch, the New Warriors and most other super-hero teams of the time are split by a universal crisis...of faith! Also featuring the Mole Man, the Absorbing Man and other classic characters! Collecting INFINITY CRUSADE #1-3, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #1-3 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #18-19.<br>All Ages ...$29.99<br> Thanos, possibly the most diabolical individual in the Marvel Universe, is back — and he's out for vengeance on all who would oppose him! Unfortunately for the Mad Titan, he's also heading for an unexpected reckoning…with his family. Take an ongoing walk on the dark side of the galaxy, and follow the deadly trail of destruction left in the wake of…Thanos! He is pure evil. He is unstoppable. And it's time for someone — anyone — to take him down. Collects Thanos #1-6. Thanos has come to Earth. It’s the Ultimates’ job to stop him. And they won’t be enough. And even if they win this battle -- will the ultimate superteam survive the cost of victory? Plus: the origin of the Ultimates... and of their greatest enemy! ON THE ROAD TO CIVIL WAR II!
The Ultimates deal with the fallout from their journey Outside - and the return of the Anti-man! Meanwhile, Project: Pegasus holds the key to humanity's survival... or destruction...and THANOS is coming for it! After Revelation and Relativity comes a grand Finale! Desperate times called for mad measures. Facing checkmate in his latest grand game of cosmic chess, Thanos took himself off the board - violently. Yet for the paramour of Death, oblivion is so often temporary. Now the Titan is back -- but the galaxy has been ravaged in his absence. Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, is stronger than ever and harnessing the godlike power of Adam Warlock to wage genocide across the posiverse. Only a handful of heroes, and one or two villains, still stand. Will those few that remain choose between two evils and ally themselves with Thanos? They would form one of the mightiest assemblages ever witnessed. But even that may not be enough to avert the total annihilation of everything there is. And this time, the obliteration of all time and space may truly be the end. Builder and destroyer of universes Jim Starlin (Infinity Gauntlet) presents an epic conclusion to his new Infinity trilogy, featuring art by Ron Lim! Annihilus, lord of the Negative Zone, makes a renewed assault on the positive universe, searching for a source of infinite power. To stop him, a fragile alliance of cosmic protectors forms. The Guardians of the Galaxy. Gladiator, Majestor of the Shi'ar. And Adam Warlock - whose complex cycle of death and rebirth has left him more confused than ever about his true nature. With Adam reunited with his Infinity Watch comrades Gamora, Drax and Pip the Troll - and joined by newer friends like Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and Groot - they hold the potential to end Annihilus' threat once and for all...if only they knew how! But the answer lies in the dark mind of another. A Titan, whom some would hold as mad. Could the fate of everything rest in the hands of...Thanos? Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin's The heroes return from Hala only to find the entire planet of Spartax in grave danger! Kitty unlocks the one thing which may leads towards the destruction of the Black Vortex. But will it be in time? And just when things could get any more dire, enter The Brood! The 3rd chapter of the BLACK VORTEX!
With a schism forming within the assembled heroes, the youngest among them face the temptation of immeasurable power.
Sometimes those with great power shirk their responsibility to use it for good, though.
And with Knife and his new business partner looking to take back the Black Vortex, the group may have left themselves defenseless. Couples fight. We all know they do. Especially when one half of the couple is Peter Quill. You know what we find often helps a rough patch? Space mischief and scoundreling! That's a word, right? Of course, it can also distract you from the whole...guarding the galaxy thing. Relationships, am I right? Peter comes face-to-face with Mr. Knife! And you won't believe who's behind that snazzy mask. And all this craziness seems to have put a little strain on Peter and Kitty's relationship. You know what'll fix that right up? SPACE DATE! Or rather...SPACE PRISON BREAK! Peter Quill, what a catch. Peter desperately attempts to keep a phone date with Kitty while simultaneously getting wrapped up with Mister Knife and his crew! - STAR-LORD UNLEASHED! All these basic busters out in space are about to get a taste of their own medicine, Peter Quill-style! - MISTER KNIFE steps from the shadows...this guy is drag city. - WHAT is the mysterious Black Vortex? (It's not a band, it's an ancient cosmic artifact that is gonna cause big trouble.) - Dude, space is awesome, but the ice cream up here suuuuucks. - The FINAL CHAPTER of what really happened in the Cancerverse!
- Remember when Star-Lord and Nova were going to sacrifice their lives to take out Thanos?
- And remember how Drax was supposed to have died?
- Well, Nova seems to be the only one missing now. Time to get some answers here! - The battle to end all battles--Star-Lord vs. Thanos!
- As Peter Quill attempts to return to Earth, he encounters the all-powerful Titan responsible for so much mayhem in his life.
- How can Star-Lord possibly get out of this alive?!
- Plus, a guest appearance by Kitty Pryde! Last we checked, Star-Lord, Thanos, and Nova were trapped in the Cancerverse...But Star-Lord and Thanos seem to be running around just fine. So what exactly happened to Richard Rider? Original Sin Tie-In! You know you want to know how Star-Lord got back from the Cancerverse. And didn't Nova go in there with him? Guess he's not into the whole "no man left behind" thing. There is an imbalance in the universe. And since his latest return from oblivion, Thanos himself feels...incomplete. Now, the so-called Mad Titan would put both wrongs right. The revelatory waters of the Infinity Well lead Thanos on a new quest, with a once-sworn enemy at his side. A crusade that will bring confrontation with the Silver Surfer and the galaxy's mightiest heroes, the Annihilators. An odyssey that will change everything. Cosmic maestro Jim Starlin returns to his signature character in a tale of death and rebirth that will transform the Marvel Universe once more! - Jim Starlin returns to Thanos, and he's brought INFINITY GAUNTLET artist Ron Lim with him!
- Thanos must face Mephisto, his future self, the Avengers and more!
- Learn how a devastating defeat in Thanos' past set events into motion that will redefine the Marvel Universe in the near future!
- A prequel to the upcoming THANOS: THE INFINITY REVELATION original graphic novel! All roads lead to this!
The over-sized conclusion of the Marvel Summer event!
The heroes of Earth versus the forces of Thanos! <ul><li>The Avengers Universe.</li><li>The Heroes of Earth rally to defeat Thanos.</li><li>The war for Earth begins.</li></ul> <ul><li>Negotiating the fall of worlds.</li><li>The Illuminati versus Thanos.</li><li>Thor, God of War.</li></ul> <ul><li>Prison break.</li><li>Stealing a worldkiller.</li><li>The fall of Attilan.</li></ul> <ul><li>Thanos&#39; Rise is now complete.... setting the stage for Marvel&#39;s massive, universe changing event: INFINITY!</li></ul> The oversized kickoff to the year's most anticipate Blockbuster summer event, chaning the way you view the Marvel Universe!
- The outbreak of war on two fronts: Earth and Space, with our heroes torn between them.
- The world-shattering return of Thanos!
- Includes material from FREE COMIC BOOK DAY: INFINITY Thanos kills a lot of people. <ul><li>The Mad Titan flees his home in search of true love.</li><li>But how many lives will he have to take to find it?</li><li>The book so blood-soaked you&rsquo;ll be glad it&rsquo;s a mini-series.</li></ul> <ul><li>Continuing the jaw-dropping origin of the mad Titan who will soon change the face of the Galaxy!</li><li>Death follows young Thanos as his inner darkness grows.</li></ul> - What comes after "Marvel NOW!"? Whatever it is, it starts HERE.
- The vile face left movie audiences in shock after last summer's Marvel Studios' "The Avengers" movie, but who is this eerily disturbing villain?
- Thanos rises as the unrivaled rogue of wretchedness in this gripping tale of tragedy, deceit and destiny. Where did this demi-god of death and destruction come from and...more importantly what does he want?
- The answers come from the incredible creative team of Jason Aaron (Wolverine, X-Men Origins) and Simone Bianchi (Wolverine, Astonishing X-Men) as they take you on journey that will not only change the course of one boy's life...
...but will soon change the very nature of the Marvel Universe. <ul><li>The explosive conclusion to the Avengers&rsquo; cosmic odyssey!</li><li>Will the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy be able to stop Thanos from his quest to make Earth the throne world of his new empire?</li><li>The explosive fallout of the storyline will change one of the Avengers&rsquo; lives forever as a brand-new Marvel initiative spins out of this bombastic series.</li></ul> The Avengers square off against the Zodiac for the good of the city. Will the team defeat their new-found enemies or will they crumble beneath their star-studded powers? GET READY FOR THE MOST EARTH SHATTERING, WORLD DESTROYING, INSURANCE-RATE HIKING, EVENT IN MARVEL HISTORY SINCE THE LAST ONE! Wyatt Cenac and Elliott Kalan of "The Daily Show" lead a cavalcade of comedy's finest minds to answer the questions about the Marvel Universe you were ashamed to ask!  This Fall, the Marvel U will be rocked down to its spandex wearing core! Be ashamed. Be VERY ashamed!  #shameitself When the God of Thunder goes berserk, the most powerful heroes in the universe may not be able to stop him! See Thor tear through the ranks of Beta Ray Bill, the Silver Surfer, Adam Warlock, Dr. Strange, Drax the Destroyer and Thanos! And when the mad Thor gets his hands on the Infinity Gem of Power, even Odin may be powerless to stop him! Collecting THOR (1966) #468-471, SILVER SURFER (1987) #86-88, WARLOCK CHRONICLES #6-8 and WARLOCK AND THE INFINITY WATCH #23- 25. Deadpool, against the greatest threats in the Marvel Universe: Thanos! Wolverine! Bullseye! T-Ray! Dr. Bong!? Deadpool, in some of the quirkiest adventures ever seen: Sumos! Arabian princesses! Saber-toothed bunnies! Zombies! Introducing Widdle Wade, the tiny Deadpool assassin! All this and Deadpool...married?!? Plus: In BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK, witness the most bizarre Deadpool stories ever told! Collecting DEADPOOL (1997) #26-33, BABY'S FIRST DEADPOOL BOOK and DEADPOOL TEAM-UP #1. The conclusion to the Infinity Gauntlet arc takes the Avengers into the heart of the universe and reveals a new entity. Who will wield the gauntlet? The evil Thanos has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? The Avengers! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)! Collecting AVENGERS & THE INFINITY GAUNTLET #1-4, plus the first issue of the original INFINITY GAUNTLET series. THE THANOS IMPERATIVE is over, but who and what has survived? What happened to Thanos? What about Lord Mar-Vell and the Cancerverse? Who rules the Kree and the Shi'Ar? Is anyone left to guard the galaxy? The Thrilling Conclusion to the space-spanning saga! The evil
Thanos has toyed with the Avengers long enough'time to do away with them and get to controlling the entire universe!
Can Earth's Mightiest Heroes make a final stand and save EVERYTHING'or is it Thanos Triumphant? 32 PGS./Rated A '$2.99 The war against the abominable Cancerverse reaches its climax. Only Thanos can decide the fate of two universes, but what choice will he make? The "new" Avengers have trekked across the stars to stop Thanos...and after being cramped in a space-trailer with Spider-Man and Doctor Doom, the Hulk wants one thing and one thing only: TO SMASH RAISIN CHIN MAN!!! But he better watch out, because Thanos will leave an infinity gauntlet-shaped imprint in the Hulk's jade jaws if he tries to mess with the mad titan's plans of cosmic domination!
Rated A ...$2.99 Thanos is outnumbered and outgunned by the Cancerverse forces, and his unlikely allies-Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon and the other brave misfits-find themselves making a last stand to save the galaxy's #1 villain! FILLLLLLHERRRUPPPP!!!! Half of Earth's super heroes have vanished, and an all-new team of Avengers have assembled to find them. Ms. Marvel! Wolverine! Spider-Man! Dr. Doom!...wait, wha-HUH!? But faster than you can say "BACK STAB" the team rockets into space to save their lost teammates. But first things first: they're going to need gas. Space gas. Only one man can help: the meanest mother trucker in the galaxy, US ACE! So pop a squat at the Star Stop In the Cancerverse itself, Star-Lord's rag-tag team learns whether attempting to make a deal with Thanos was the smartest choice they ever made or the worst decision of their entire lives! The evil THANOS has acquired the Infinity Gems, granting him control over the entire universe. He's destroyed half the population of all worlds. The only force standing in his way? THE AVENGERS! But how can a ragtag group of heroes and villains (!) overpower the unstoppable? Check out the non-stop, pulse-pounding, white-knuckling action brought to you by Brian Clevinger (Atomic Robo) and Brian Churilla (Rex Mundi, The Anchor)!
Rated A ...$2.99 As the staggering consequences of the Cancerverse's invasion become apparent, Star-Lord and his battered band of heroes fight to protect Thanos, who has actually become the universe's only hope! A rival universe where life is the ultimate curse is gouging into our own! Even the great abstract figures of creation like Oblivion and Eternity have taken up arms! What possible significance can Star-Lord and his band of misfit heroes hope to have? The THANOS SOURCEBOOK is an ideal primer for any reader of the latest saga to rock the cosmos! Featuring biographies on Marvel's intergalactic cast of characters - as written by Earth's Richard Rider, the Nova Prime! Nova, The Silver Surfer, Quasar, Gladiator and more of the greatest cosmic champions of the Marvel Universal line up to stop creatures from beyond The Fault, but it could be more than even they can handle. Thanos is back! On one side you have the Marvel Universe's #1 threat! On the other: a dark new force determined to obliterate everyone! In the middle are the outnumbered and battle-hardened heroes that stand between us and complete decimation! Death, life and resurrection...Annihilus is back and hungry for revenge!
Prime Elements part four: The Cult of the Negative Zone!
Rated T He's back...Thanos! How did he return? Why is he back? And what does the appearance of the galaxy's #1 threat mean for our rag-tag band of universal protectors? REALM OF KINGS. The universe faces one of its greatest evils - and no one can see it coming! The Magus, the shadow-half of Adam Warlock, is not dead after all...and only a small and hapless band of heroes can stop him! He's back and better than ever - the hero that wouldn't die, Captain Marvel! After a few years in hiatus, mighty Marvel's space-born super hero returned, and under the aegis of writer/artist Jim Starlin, his story would achieve a scale never before imagined!  Stripping the Kree Captain down to his very core and forcing him through a gauntlet of past opponents, Starlin then brought to the fore one of Marvel's pre-eminent cosmic menaces for the very first time: the mad Titan, Thanos. With the stage set and the players from unearthly entity Eon to Drax the Destroyer and the mighty Avengers pulled into fray, the good Captain led the fight against Thanos and his Cosmic Cube in a confrontation that would redefine super-hero epics forever!  Featuring an introduction by Jim Starlin and an extensive selection of bonuses, this Marvel Masterworks volume is the definitive collection of the creative arc that defined Captain Marvel!  Collecting CAPTAIN MARVEL #22-33 and IRON MAN #55.<br>Rated A ...$54.99 <br> The epic, visionary EARTH X saga concludes.  Will the Heroes of Earth be able to solve the problems of the Paradise they helped create? Will their quest for a new Death entity succeed so the pain and suffering of the world's population ceases? Collecting PARADISE X #6-12,  RAGNAROK, DEVILS, A, X.<br><br>352 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99 <br><br>ISBN: 0-7851-2416-0 <br><br><br> In EARTH X, Captain America, the Fantastic Four, Thor, the Hulk and the X-Men discovered that their purpose - and the meaning of all super heroes and mutated people in the universe - was nothing more than to protect their host planet, in this case Earth, from outside invasion. They learned super heroes are merely biological antibodies to protect a growing embryo within the Earth. An embryo for the Celestial race: This is the way these Gods fought back - only to cause a terrible ecological imbalance, a rift at its core that in time would wipe out all life on the planet. In UNIVERSE X, Captain Marvel was reborn on Earth years after his death. But he also still claimed to walk in the realm of the unliving, where Earth's fallen champions still exist. Mar-Vell led a team of heroes in a quest for the greatest weapons of mass destruction on Earth, suggesting this would limit the destruction caused by the growing power struggle on the planet. But this was not the only reason. For his crusade on Earth only supported and armed a battle he fought in the realm of the fallen, a battle against Death herself. Those living champions who died in his collection of artifacts were added to the battle raging in this other realm. Mar-Vell led a charge against Death and killed her. But now that Death is dead, no one will ever die again. They may writhe in pain in hospitals because their bodies have been broken beyond repair, but they will not die. They will call out for an end to their suffering. They will cry out for peace but there will be no answer. Paradise will be denied them. Yes. Death is truly dead. Long live the living. Collecting PARADISE X #0-5, PARADISE X: XEN and HERALDS #1-3.<br>304 PGS./Rated T+ ...$29.99<br>ISBN: 0-7851-2415-2<br> She-Hulk's firm is dealing with their first superhuman sexual assault case. Their client? Eros of Titan, the space-faring Avenger called Starfox! And when emotions get over-heated at the office, expect a love triangle or two to finally come to a head! What will this mean for Pug, She-Hulk and John Jameson? Who (or what) is Awesome Andy falling for?! And what will be the final fate of Starfox? Will he face ruin or redemption? One way or another, the case against the fallen Avenger ends on the moon of Titan! Plus: Civil War threatens the rights of every American super hero. So whose side will Marvel's top superhuman lawyer fight for? And how can she possibly choose, when she feels one way as She-Hulk, and another as Jen Walters? Collecting SHE-HULK #6-13.<br>192 PGS./Rated T+ ...$19.99<br> Left behind, can Drax survive... Thanos takes action... and Nova sets course on a suicide mission. Remember the Titans? <br>Inside the mind of THANOS, SHE-HULK and MOONDRAGON learn a secret so dark, so disturbing, that it will forever change the way you see the Titans! This is it, gamma-fans. One way or another, the case against STARFOX ends here! Will he face ruin or redemption? All this-and a two-fisted throwdown between everyone's favorite Emerald Amazon(Yay!) and the Mad Titan (Boo!)! <br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The United Front led by NOVA, RONAN and DRAX have held, but only just. ANNIHILUS' forces have been fought to a standstill. But can any defense withstand the devastating attack of RAVENOUS and the CENTURIONS? Get caught up on all of the players in the Annihilation event - just in time for this month's ANNIHILATION #1! Featuring Annihilus, Nova, Ronan, the Silver Surfer, the Super-Skrull, Thanos and more - all from the Xandarian Worldmind files of the Nova Corps!<br>48 PGS NO ADS/Rated A ...$3.99<br> It all comes to a head in this issue as the Surfer confronts the sins of his past and, more importantly, determines his future path.  Whatever you were expecting, we guarantee, this wasn't it.  It's a whole new, senses staggering chapter in the Surfer's ongoing saga!<br>Interlocking cover with all three other ANNIHILATION covers! <br>Guest starring FIRELORD, GALACTUS, and THANOS!<br>32 PGS./Rated A ...$2.99<br> GUEST STARRING THANOS!<br>GUEST STARRING GALACTUS!<br>Can even the combined might of the ex-heralds of Galactus stand against an all out assault by the Annihilation Wave?  It gets worse.  Thanos, the near omnipotent mad Titan, commands the Annihilation wave assault.  It gets EVEN worse. With the heralds otherwise occupied, a shocking character moves to strike at Galactus!  You don't want to miss this one!  No.  Really.  You don't.<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> The ex-heralds of Galactus unite to combat a common foe.  But can even the combined powers of the Silver Surfer, Firelord, Terrax and Red Shift stand against the Annihilation Wave and it's mad master?  And what dark ambition motivates Thanos to strike a dark alliance with the invading force?<br>32 PGS./Rated T+ ...$2.99<br> ANNIHILATION continues here!<br><br>The Annihilation Wave has targeted the ex-heralds of Galactus. Hunted by beings every bit as powerful as himself, the Silver Surfer must find a way to unite Galactus' ex-heralds against a common foe!<br><br>But, can even the united cosmic might of those who served Galactus stand against these powerful beings called Seekers!?<br><br>Guest starring: FIRELORD and GABRIEL THE AIR WALKER. <br>And introducing RAVENOUS!<br><br><br>32 PGS./Rated T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> This is it! 48 pages of cosmic guts and glory! If you want to see your favorite cosmic level heroes and villains, you dare not miss ANNIHIALTION: PROLOGUE! This 48 page (NO ADS!) book is written by Keith Giffen (DRAX THE DESTROYER, THANOS), and features the stunning art of Scott Kolins & Ariel Olivetti. This is the book to read for the NEXT YEAR'S worth of cosmic stories! Get in on the ground floor as Marvel raises these great characters from the ashes!<br>Heroes will die. Villains and heroes will form allegiances. Empires will fall.<br>FEATURING: NOVA, SILVER SURFER, THANOS, DRAX THE DESTROYER, RONAN THE ACCUSER, AND THE SUPER-SKRULL! <br>Retailers take note: this issue kicks off a cosmic event starting in April! <br>48 PGS (NO ADS)/T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$3.99<br> The death of Drax and we're not kidding.  Not a crossover stunt, not a sales gimmick, not a hackneyed plot device.  In this issue Drax dies... bites the big one... shuffles off the ol' mortal coil... You get the picture.  And wait till you see who lands the death blow!<br><br>32 PGS./T+ SUGGESTED FOR TEENS AND UP ...$2.99<br> At the very edge of existence, Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to re-evaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them. Meanwhile, a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized forms a Super Posse to bag the Mad Titan once and for all! It's Thanos, the mad Titan, versus the Fallen One, first herald to world-devouring Galactus and grade A prime interstellar sociopath, as we wind up our first year with a cosmic melee that's sure to be talked about for years to come. Like it would kill you to buy one for a friend? The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning tale woven by his creator, Jim Starlin (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals -- and what hidden desires now pull at his heart and mind? Collects THANOS #1-6. In the aftermath of Thanos' battle with the Beyonder, the damage to the Kyln prison shorts out a vital power link, allowing one of the Kyln's most dangerous prisoners its freedom: the fallen one, first herald to Galactus, a cosmic-powered sociopath looking to even an old score with its former master! It's Thanos vs. the Maker (a.k.a. Cosmos, a.k.a. the Beyonder, a.k.a. Skippy the Wonder Weasel) in a no-holds-barred, cosmic brawl that answers the oft-asked question: Quisp or Quake? In part 3 of Giffen & Lim's first story arc, Thanos makes his manipulative presence felt in the depths of the intergalactic maximum-security penitentiary Omega Core - while a Super Posse is formed by a co-op of alien races Thanos has victimized to bag him once and for all! <br>32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99<br> At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! At the outer boundary of our universe - the very edge of existence - Thanos has a fateful encounter with his lost love, Death, which causes him to reevaluate his goals and his approach to attaining them! The planet-shaking conclusion of the Thanos/Galactus/Hunger conflict! 
If the Titan goes down, he's going down fighting!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)<br>Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.<br>32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) "EPIPHANY" pts. 4 & 5 (of 6)
Galactus sends his Punishers after Thanos & Warlock. The battle between the cosmic titans gets serious.
32 PGS. (each)/MARVEL PSR...$2.99 (each) Thanos attacks Galactus in the only reasonable way possible: a psychic assault. Guest-starring Moondragon.
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 For what cosmic reason does Thanos seek a confrontation with the planet-devourer Galactus? And must Adam Warlock oppose him, or aid him?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 The most powerful, enigmatic villain in the Marvel Universe takes center stage in a galaxy-spanning new ongoing series by his creator, JIM STARLIN (MARVEL UNIVERSE: THE END). 
He's held ultimate power in his hands, only to see it all slip away time and again. His attempts at conquest and destruction have all been thwarted. So what inner demons drive the mad Titan known as Thanos towards his goals ... and what hidden desires pull at his heart and mind now?
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Thanos is the only person who can save the universe. But will he? The universe is unraveling, and Thanos is holding the threads. Will he mend the fabric of reality? The most powerful beings in the universe must decide how to deal with the nigh-omnipotent Thanos. Thanos's power is escalating to Celestial-level heights. Will he be corrupted further by his new might? With almost all of the world's heroes dead, it's up to Thanos of Titan to save the world. When an ancient Pharaoh is granted godlike abilities, he sets out to conquer the universe! Can the heroes of the Marvel Universe stop him before it's too late? Mephisto's grand plan stands revealed! Find out how and why he has been manipulating the minds of Thanos, Nighthawk, Gargoyle and Dr. Doom.
 Creel is whole! Now, the monster that destroyed the Avengers is back with a vengeance! Meanwhile, in the land of the dead, the heroes have made their way to Death, Thanos, and Mephisto.
 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 4 (of 4)
He made the universe, and he might just unmake it. Marv's insanity has reached critical mass, and it's going to take the combined efforts of Rick Jones, Marv's mom, the Skrull, the Shi'ar, the Kree, and the new Captain Marvel herself to rein him in. 
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 "CRAZY LIKE A FOX" pt. 3 (of 4)
THE DEBUT OF THE NEW ... CAPTAIN MARVEL?!
There's a new sheriff in town, and man is she pissed! Marv goes home to Titan and finds a ghost town ... and a new Captain Marvel ready to take his mantle, whether he wants to give it up or not.  
The series changes right here!
32 PGS./MARVEL PSR...$2.99 Immortus' mutant battalion has arrived at Castle Doom! Can Reed Richards hold the horde off? Meanwhile, Thor, Captain Marvel, the Hulk, and the X-Men confront the Supreme Intelligence.
 While Moonknight battles the Assasins of Set-Thor, Captain Mar-Vell, the Hulk, and the X-Men are all mysteriously teleported to Egypt to watch the furious engagement! Plus, the final stand of the Fantastic Four.
 Captain America and Captain Mar-Vell head to both the Savage Land and Limbo in an effort to locate the power sources of Earth X. It's the two Captains versus Space Phantoms, Dire Wraiths, and the demon called Belasco!
 Reed Richards thought that Galactus was defeated. He thought the Celestials were gone. He was wrong. Now, the heroes of the Marvel Universe await an unspeakable evil to befall them all. And it starts with the rebirth of Captain Mar-Vell.
 Freshly infused with energy from newly acquired armaments, Thor engages in a final showdown with Thanos! Thor, alongside Firelord and the Recorder, battle Thanos and Mangog! Thor, Firelord, and the Recorder head to stop Thanos and Mangog. But it may already be too late! It's Thor versus Thanos in a battle for the future! Thor makes a terrible discovery when he travels to Asgard to seek the council of the gods. Is it the origin of T-Ray, or the origin of Deadpool? Is Deadpool T-Ray? Is T-Ray Wade Wilson? Those questions and more are asked as we glimpse the events that lead to Mercedes Wilson's death from T-Ray's point of view!
 Ka-Zar takes home field advantage against Thanos in the SAVAGE LAND! The Plunderer teams up with perhaps the most dangerous Marvel villain…Ka-Zar takes on a mission far from his wheelhouse when he does battle with Thanos! The mighty powerful Thanos faces Ka-Zar! Thanos has assembled the mightiest cosmic warriors for this very moment- the destruction of Tyrant, the most powerful being in the galaxy! But will Terrax, Jack, Ganymede and Legacy object to being Thanos’ pawns? And when Thanos takes on Tyrant alone, will the Titan walk away victorious? Will he walk away at all? The explosive conclusion to Cosmic Powers! Tyrant attempts mind control over Morg, a devoted herald of Galactus. Will Morg find himself with a new master…and the Power Cosmic? Ganymede agrees to help Thanos in his takedown of Tyrant. But Jack of Hearts and Legacy have tracked down Ganymede- straight into Tyrant’s fortress! Legacy is intent on destroying Nitro, the villain responsible for killing his father, Captain Marvel. What follows is a worthy battle of galactic proportion! But will Legacy be able to take Nitro’s life? Ganymede of the Spinsterhood may be the key to defeating Tyrant. But will Terrax and Thanos be able to strike an alliance? Jack of Hearts finds himself falling for Ganymede, but her vows prevent love from taking hold. Will the two say no to Thanos…and live? Silver Surfer and Legacy must pacify the monks of the Oracle’s monastery. Will Thanos ever return what is not rightfully his? No chance! The battle for all-encompassing knowledge just got heated. Has Thanos found a comrade in arms with Terrax? The warrior from Lanlak certainly shares a bloodlust with the mad Titan, especially for Tyrant, Galactus’ android. This could be the beginning of Marvel’s most dangerous alliance yet! Thanos takes extreme measures to relieve his boredom- measures that involve mass murder! The cosmos tremble as the tyrant searches for a worthy combatant. Enter the cosmic playing field of Marvel’s mightiest galactic heroes! Who will be able to stop the Mad Titan? Will Thor's mind be restored with the help of...Thanos?! The Watch vs. Thanos! Meanwhile, Odin does his best to cure Thor of his insanity, but his efforts prove in vain. Thanos assembles an elite team of cosmic villains to acquire the Oracle of Ancient Knowledge! Featuring Geatar, Rhino, Nitro, and Super-Skrull! Thor’s coming for Thanos...! But Silver Surfer and the Mind Valkyrie know how outmatched the Thunder God might be, so they rush to Thanos’ ship before any serious harm is done! It's time for the next wave of Secret Defenders to enter the fray! NORTHSTAR, and his blinding speed! NOVA, and his cosmic power! THE INCREDIBLE HULK, and his smashing strength! Together with Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, these heroes will face the worst villain in all of the Marvel Universe - THANOS, the Mad Titan! The conclusion is here! One by one, stars in the Milky Way galaxy have begun to explode. Can the heroes save the universe? What role will Thanos come to play in the final act? After teaming up with Drax The Destroyer to fight Thor, The Hulk is abandoned and left to drift in space above Paradise Omega. Can the Jade Giant make it back to the surface in time to join the action? Earth's gathered champions are rocketing toward Paradise Omega, home of Adam Warlock's virtuous female doppleganger, the Goddess. Has she been slain? What is next for the heroes? Mephisto knows how to use the Cosmic Cubes in ways no one was meant to use them. His price for the information: a Cosmic Cube once the Goddess is defeated. His customers? Thanos and Adam Warlock! Adam Warlock must search for answers within while he does battle with his greatest enemy...himself! Magus triumphant!  Who will win the Infinity War...and at what price? The Magus is now in possession of a fully functioning Infinity Gauntlet.  What chance do Adam Warlock and the Marvel heroes have now? The Marvel heroes are fighting a war on two fronts while the Magus schemes his way to total domination. Is the only way to save the universe...the Infinity Gauntlet?! Magus's plan for domination hits a deadly new level.  And when the heroes track down the cause of the mayhem, they come face to face with Thanos and Warlock and the Infinity Watch.  Fight! The evil dopplegangers infiltration of the Marvel heroes has led to mistrust and infighting...and things get worse when a Gamma bomb is detonated! When evil dopplegangers of the Marvel heroes appear, it's all-out war!  Why has Magus unleashed them on an unsuspecting world? And is the heroes only hope...Thanos?! After a chemical accident, Spider-Man’s consciousness is separated from his body and he enters an alternate plane where Death herself lies in wait! Not to mention Thanos is there too, in possession of the Infinity Gauntlet!
 Nebula has the Infinity Gauntlet -- and, in the most shocking twist yet,
Thanos now stands with Earth's heroes to defeat her! Can one being
possibly contain all that power? And if not Thanos, then who? With a
shock ending that'll leave you begging for more! SILVER SURFER VS. THANOS! Doctor Strange convinces the Surfer to engage in a duel of combat with Thanos in order to crush Nebula's ascension. Galactus! The Celestials! The Stranger! Master Order and Lord Chaos! The
all-powerful entities of the universe have united to stand against
Thanos -- and they don't stand a chance! Can the remnants of Earth's
heroes succeed where the gods have failed? And the captive Nebula has
her eyes on that Gauntlet... REAL LIFE OR FANTASY? Surfer is banished to an alternate dimension where he is forced to face his darkest fears and failures. The Silver Surfer's stripped of his Power Cosmic and is forced to kill himself…in an alternate reality! Wolverine, broken! The Scarlet Witch, incinerated! She-Hulk and Namor,
buried alive! The Vision, ripped apart! Thor, shattered! Iron Man,
beheaded! Cyclops, suffocated! When Earth's heroes attack, Thanos takes
the kid gloves off -- but leaves the god-making Infinity Gauntlet on! Thanos creates the planet of Necronos and sacrifices millions to death! ANIMALS ON THE LOOSE! Before his battle with Thanos, Silver Surfer must help Rhino who has realized that releasing Central Park Zoo's animals does more harm than good. Infinity Gauntlet crossover! Empowered by the Gauntlet, Thanos brings four Quantum-Band wielders back to life! Eon’s remains are scattered over Earth. Thanos summons Doctor Strange into a time warp where the Sorcerer Supreme must fight for his life!
 To start the day, Thanos wrote his name across the universe in planets.
To finish, he'll stand against the assembled might of Earth's remaining
heroes! Plus: When Mistress Death rejects Thanos again, he creates his
own perfect mate: Meet Terraxia the Terrible! Billions of people across the planet have disappeared; now, the super
humans of Earth scramble to find out what's going on! Featuring Quasar!
Dr. Strange! Dr. Doom! Captain America! Thor! Warlock! Wolverine! Iron
Man! She-Hulk! The Silver Surfer! And more! WHILE A UNIVERSE TREMBLES! Drax has bigger problems to worry about than Firelord when Doctor Strange unites a group of heroes to prepare for a galactic battle with none other than...THANOS! Seeking to impress the Mistress Death, who returned him to life, Thanos
has gained control over the Infinity Gauntlet -- making him an
all-powerful god! With Mephisto as his familiar, Thanos wipes out half
of the life in the universe with a snap of his fingers! What will Earth
do when half its the heroes are killed? Finally in possession of all the Infinity Stones, Thanos turns a stone golem into a powerful war machine. The Silver Surfer races back to Earth to warn the other heroes of Thanos' diabolical master plan. Drax and the Surfer have enough power between them to annihilate small planets, but can they match the awesome force of Thanos when he wields all of the Infinity Stones? Drax the Destroyer and the Silver Surfer partner up to defeat Thanos -- for real this time. Thing and Starhawk track Moondragon and Her to the High Evolutionary's Counter-Earth. There they clash over the absconded Alicia Masters. A mysterious celestial being called Her is after Adam Warlock, and thinks that Alicia Masters is the key to finding him. Thing must team up with Starhawk in order to save her! Spider-Man and Thing find themselves on board Thanos’s ship and besieged by his legions. Meanwhile, Adam Warlock reunites with Gamora and Pip the Troll within the Soul Gem.